Led by Woody, Andy's toys live happily in his r...
When siblings Judy and Peter discover an enchan...
A family wedding reignites the ancient feud bet...
Cheated on, mistreated and stepped on, the wome...
Just when George Banks has recovered from his d...
Obsessive master thief, Neil McCauley leads a t...
An ugly duckling having undergone a remarkable ...
A mischievous young boy, Tom Sawyer, witnesses ...
International action superstar Jean Claude Van ...
James Bond must unmask the mysterious head of t...
Widowed U.S. president Andrew Shepherd, one of ...
When a lawyer shows up at the vampire's doorste...
An outcast half-wolf risks his life to prevent ...
An all-star cast powers this epic look at Ameri...
Morgan Adams and her slave, William Shaw, are o...
The life of the gambling paradise – Las Vegas –...
Rich Mr. Dashwood dies, leaving his second wife...
It's Ted the Bellhop's first night on the job.....
Summoned from an ashram in Tibet, Ace finds him...
A vengeful New York transit cop decides to stea...
Chili Palmer is a Miami mobster who gets sent b...
An agoraphobic psychologist and a female detect...
Assassin Robert Rath arrives at a funeral to ki...
Harassed by classmates who won't accept his sho...
Ben Sanderson, an alcoholic Hollywood screenwri...
The evil Iago pretends to be friend of Othello ...
Waxing nostalgic about the bittersweet passage ...
This film adaptation of Jane Austen's last nove...
A scientist in a surrealist society kidnaps chi...
A provincial boy related to a Shanghai crime fa...
Former Marine Louanne Johnson lands a gig teach...
In the year 2035, convict James Cole reluctantl...
                                               NaN
Babe is a little pig who doesn't quite know his...
The story of the relationship between painter D...
A justice drama based on a true story about a m...
A young Russian boy, Thomas Minton, travels to ...
Identical 9-year-olds from very different backg...
Shallow, rich and socially successful Cher is a...
A South-African preacher goes to search for his...
Shakespeare's Play transplanted into a 1930s se...
Depicts a heist of old bills, retired from circ...
An aspiring young physician, Robert Merivel fou...
For nine generations an evil sorcerer has been ...
Susan wants to work in television and will ther...
Soon-to-be-wed graduate student Finn Dodd devel...
Two homicide detectives are on a desperate hunt...
History comes gloriously to life in Disney's ep...
A prudish woman, working on tenure as a literac...
Held in an L.A. interrogation room, Verbal Kint...
Detective - turned - bodyguard Cynthia McKay (C...
When Lenny and his wife, Amanda, adopt a baby, ...
Fiore, an Italian conman, arrives in post Commu...
In a depressed Texas town, British foreign exch...
Sadie looks up to her older sister Georgia, a s...
Set in modern times, Alex finds King Arthur's s...
After losing her job, making out with her soon ...
Simple Italian postman learns to love poetry wh...
The year is 1952, in Quebec City. Rachel (16), ...
A nine-year-old boy gets a plastic Indian and a...
It's fire and brimstone time as grieving mother...
In 1965, passionate musician Glenn Holland take...
When Ashtray (Shawn Wayans) moves to South Cent...
Frank O'Brien, a petty thief, and his 7-year-lo...
Bud and Doyle are two losers who are doing noth...
Jobe is resuscitated by Jonathan Walker. He wan...
It's a hot summer day in 1933 in South Philly, ...
After learning of her husband's infidelities, a...
Craig and Smokey are two guys in Los Angeles ha...
Seth Gecko and his younger brother Richard are ...
Max Kirkpatrick is a cop who protects Kate McQu...
After college graduation, Grover's girlfriend J...
In France during World War II, a poor and illit...
The seeds of love are planted when Lisa, a high...
A writer returns to his hometown where he faces...
(SIRIUS 6B, Year 2078) On a distant mining plan...
A look into the many lives of Christa Päffgen, ...
After his daughter died in a hit and run, Fredd...
With his gangster boss on trial for murder, a m...
Several people try to take advantage of a littl...
A mafia film in Tarantino style with a star-stu...
After World War II, Antonia and her daughter, D...
This film relates the story of a tightly connec...
Filmed entirely on location in East Hampton, Lo...
In Victorian England, wealthy patriarch Sir Har...
Teenage boys discover discipline and camaraderi...
Hotel manager Robert Grant is forced by his bos...
When dignified Albert Donnelly runs for Governo...
Gene Watson is a public accountant who arrives ...
The Journey of August King is a multi-dimension...
A housemaid falls in love with Dr. Jekyll and h...
Maximillian, the lone survivor of a race of vam...
During a snowy winter in the small fictional to...
When rogue stealth-fighter pilot Vic Deakins de...
Out of work actor Joe volunteers to help try an...
Aimlessly whiling away their days in the concre...
A dark, hip, urban story of a barren and anonym...
A documentary crew from the BBC arrives in L.A....
The accidental shooting of a boy in New York le...
Upon his release from a mental hospital followi...
A single and lonely woman finds the seemingly p...
Ray Liotta stars as a medical examiner who has ...
Failed hockey player-turned-golf whiz Happy Gil...
Photographer Robert Kincaid wanders into the li...
                                No overview found.
After telling the story of Flint's last journey...
A documentary following Christy Turlington and ...
An ex-con holds a group of people hostage in a ...
Enraged at the slaughter of Murron, his new bri...
A mentally unstable Vietnam War veteran works a...
Keong comes from Hong Kong to visit New York fo...
Two parents deal with the effects when their so...
In a town where half the men die down the coalp...
Francis, the boss of a small plumbing supply co...
Using previously unreleased archival material i...
A sinister tale of genius gone wrong, The Young...
Joe and Lucy are roommates and best friends. Lu...
Ruben and Robby are twin brothers, adopted by M...
A bunch of high school misfits in Hawaii, intro...
The true story of boys being sexually abused at...
Marcus is a successful advertising executive wh...
Every day, Cop 223 buys a can of pineapple with...
The adventures and deceptions of a photographer...
Adopted as a child, new father Mel Colpin (Ben ...
A young boy must restore order when a group of ...
The death of a prince brings a young woman back...
Michel Negroponte, a documentary filmmaker, mee...
Pie in the Sky is a 1996 American romantic come...
A ten year old girl named Angela leads her six ...
The quirky story of a young boy's adventures gr...
Someone does a nasty hatchet job on a San Frans...
Balbuena is a genial illegal immigrant who make...
Within days after the release of Negativland's ...
Bumbling Navy lieutenant Tom Dodge has been giv...
Mark Rappaport's creative bio-pic about actress...
First-time director Dirk Shafer also penned thi...
While on a train, a teenage boy thinks about hi...
  A subtle yet violent commentary on feudal lords.
Tally Atwater has a dream: to be a prime-time n...
A gay cabaret owner and his drag queen companio...
In 1981 in Medjugorje (BA), a group of kids cla...
Deals with the lives of the three Irish Catholi...
Marcus Burnett is a hen-pecked family man. Mike...
Far from home in the lush bamboo forests of Chi...
Film adaptation of street tough Jim Carroll's e...
An Awfully Big Adventure is a 1995 drama film a...
A man wakes up in an alley, bleeding and with n...
The true story of technical troubles that scutt...
In the highlands of Scotland in the 1700s, Rob ...
A vampiric doctoral student tries to follow the...
The Dark Knight of Gotham City confronts a dast...
Beautiful young housewife Séverine Serizy canno...
Patricia Arquette stars as American widow Laura...
Auggie runs a small tobacco shop in Brooklyn, N...
Canadian Bacon is the only fictitious film from...
Furious that her late father only willed her hi...
Strike is a young city drug pusher under the tu...
Eight people embark on an expedition into the C...
On a US nuclear missile sub, a young first offi...
This movie chronicles the life and times of R. ...
A gunslinger is embroiled in a war with a local...
In late 1940s Los Angeles, Easy Rawlins is an u...
New York detective John McClane is back and kic...
Jordan White and Amy Blue, two troubled teens, ...
After an abandoned young woman in late 19th Cen...
The timeless tale of King Arthur and the legend...
Jesse becomes reunited with Willy three years a...
Along with his new friends, a teenager who was ...
Jeffery, a young gay man in New York, decides t...
A data courier, literally carrying a data packa...
In a dystopian future, Dredd, the most famous j...
When jobless Tommy Collins discovers that seque...
A controversial portrayal of teens in New York ...
Film about filmmaking. It takes place during on...
During a routine case in L.A., NY private inves...
Dreary urban landscape of an anonymous Canadian...
Matt falls for Casey, the new girl in school. S...
Both dumped by their girlfriends, two best frie...
Power up with six incredible teens who out-mane...
Four women who discover untapped strength withi...
Billy is mute, but it hasn't kept her from beco...
This ultra-hip, post-modern vampire tale is set...
Angela Bennett is a freelance software engineer...
When he finds out his longtime girlfriend is pr...
Although Mary has little income, she still find...
The angel Gabriel comes to Earth to collect a s...
On Christmas eve, a relentlessly cheerful woman...
Carol, a typical upper middle-class housewife, ...
Set in puritanical Boston in the mid 1600s, the...
A documentary about the culture of hip-hop. Thr...
A young drifter named Nomi arrives in Las Vegas...
Writer Paul Benjamin is nearly hit by a bus whe...
In one of her best-ever roles, Julia Roberts is...
In 1993, the Search for Extra Terrestrial Intel...
The setting is early America during the oil boo...
Set in the year 1999 during the last days of th...
This simple romantic tragedy begins in 1957. Gu...
John Netherwood and his wife Leann are fugitive...
While Jane Holman (Mastrantonio) is driving wit...
Young, wild poet Arthur Rimbaud and his mentor ...
Three New York drag queens on their way to Holl...
A passenger train has been hijacked by an elect...
Steven Lidz, unhappy with his home life since h...
Using a variety of cinematographic techniques, ...
World War II vet Paul Sutton falls for a pregna...
In a futuristic world where the polar ice caps ...
The story takes place in alternative America wh...
Biopic about famous gunslinger Wild Bill Hickoc...
Andrew Crocker-Harris is an embittered and disl...
A inept courier realises he has been used by cr...
Russia, 1936: revolutionary hero Colonel Kotov ...
The circularity of violence seen in a story tha...
A dialogue marathon of a film, this fairytale l...
Billy Madison is the 27 year-old son of Bryan M...
Jennifer (Alicia Silverstone) is a lovely teen ...
After breaking up with her girlfriend, a nightc...
Dexter, age 11, who has AIDS, and his next door...
John has inherited a castle and Italy and he mo...
'Circle Of Friends' is set in 1950's Ireland. T...
Convenience and video store clerks Dante and Ra...
John Arnold DeMarco is a man who believes he is...
A computer specialist is sued for sexual harass...
Kris is a homicide cop with psychic abilities. ...
A team of skydiving crooks led by DEA-agent-tur...
Johnny Destiny burns into Las Vegas in his hot ...
A political activist is convinced that her gues...
Dolores Claiborne was accused of killing her ab...
Lloyd and Harry are two men whose stupidity is ...
The film tells the story of a retired and widow...
In the upscale Toronto strip club Exotica, danc...
Elliot is going to the island of Eden to live o...
The mostly true story of the legendary "worst d...
French Kiss is director Kasdan’s best film sinc...
Mickey Gordon is a basketball referee who trave...
Teenager Angus adopts a stray dog and names him...
Though Goofy always means well, his amiable clu...
Hatch Harrison, his wife, Lindsey, and their da...
Workaholic Thomas Johnson dies in an auto accid...
Farinelli is a 1994 biopic film about the life ...
A talking pig named Gordy becomes involved in a...
The band is back together! Gumby reunites with ...
J.J. is a rookie in the Sheriff's Department an...
This documentary follows two inner-city Chicago...
Based on the true story of Juliet Hulme and Pau...
In hot water with the mob over an unpaid debt, ...
The life and death of the legendary Ludwig van ...
Camp Hope is a summer retreat for overweight bo...
A businessman on a trip to Tokyo ends up in the...
Albert Einstein helps a young man who's in love...
A vampire relates his epic life story of love, ...
His wife having recently died, Thomas Jefferson...
When two unemployed telephone pranksters decide...
As part of a fertility research project, a male...
Bobby Earl is facing the electric chair for the...
A Southern California kid named Calvin Fuller i...
Jimmy Kilmartin is an ex-con living in Astoria ...
Princess Leia is captured and held hostage by t...
With their father away as a chaplain in the Civ...
When her father enlists to fight for the Britis...
This Ken Loach docu-drama relates the story of ...
Paul, an irritable and stressed-out hotel manag...
Tita is passionately in love with Pedro, but he...
An epic tale of three brothers and their father...
Major Benson Winifred Payne is being discharged...
The film follows the personal relationship betw...
Mousie and Sad Girl are childhood best friends ...
Ex-football star Mike Gambril meets Terry McKay...
Khaila Richards, a crack-addicted single mother...
Nicholas Hytner’s much awarded 1994 drama, base...
Based on Mary Shelley's novel, "Frankenstein" t...
Ben Archer is not happy. His mother, Sandy, has...
The events focus around a crisis hotline busine...
Three young boys pool their money and pay V, a ...
A little girl discovers dreams can come true if...
Gwyn Marcus has always wanted a marriage like h...
Traces over three generations an immigrant fami...
Inspired by a true story. A petty criminal sent...
Sully is a rascally ne'er-do-well approaching r...
In a remote woodland cabin, a small town doctor...
New Jersey Drive is a 1995 film about black you...
Allegedly based on a true story, this film foll...
An experiment gone awry places a neurologist (E...
It has been 73 years since Alex failed and the ...
Laura San Giacomo stars in this sexy comedy abo...
Two victims of traumatized childhoods become lo...
A childhood incident has convinced Faith Corvat...
A drama about a Maori family lving in Auckland,...
A young and naive college art student becomes o...
A deadly airborne virus finds its way into the ...
Leon, the top hit man in New York, has earned a...
In the midst of the Mariel boat lift -- a hurri...
A pastry boy and the son of a hair-piece mogul ...
A burger-loving hit man, his philosophical part...
Panther is a semi-historic film about the origi...
The story is about an elderly Chinese tai chi c...
Father Greg Pilkington (Linus Roache) is torn b...
Quiz Show is a 1994 American historical drama f...
Riyo, an orphaned 17-year old, sails from Yokoh...
The night of August 24, 1572, is known as the M...
A mysterious woman comes to compete in a quick-...
                                               NaN
Paris Fashion Week draws the usual bunch of peo...
Red This is the third film from the trilogy by ...
A woman struggles to find a way to live her lif...
Polish immigrant Karol Karol finds himself out ...
A woman inherits her father's fireworks factory...
Harry Habert, owner of a rent office has an ori...
Linda and Peter Pratman's son Adam is autistic,...
Stuart Smalley, the Saturday Night Live charact...
The beautiful princess Odette is transformed in...
10-year-old Fiona is sent to live with her gran...
May Munro is a woman obsessed with getting reve...
An interstellar teleportation device, found in ...
Scott Calvin is an ordinary man, who accidental...
Framed in the 1940s for the double murder of hi...
Three friends discover their new flatmate dead ...
Brothers Vincent (rich) and Clay (poor) meet up...
Havana, Cuba, 1979. Flamboyantly gay artist Die...
A young, naive Hollywood studio assistant final...
"The Sum of Us" is an Aussie story about a fath...
While on detention, a group of misfits and slac...
Fugui and Jiazhen endure tumultuous events in C...
Based on the British cult comic-strip, our tank...
A man on the run is hunted by a demon known as ...
Captain Jean-Luc Picard and the crew of the Ent...
A strange funeral director tells four strange t...
The story of the marriage of the poet TS Eliot ...
An American village is visited by some unknown ...
Party animal Tommy Callahan is a few cans short...
An uninterrupted rehersal of Chekhov's "Uncle V...
Michael Chambers has come home to Austin, Texas...
Five young marines on a suicide mission in Viet...
Gilbert has to care for his brother Arnie and h...
The Law Enforcement Technology Advancement Cent...
A love story built on a misunderstanding. A tra...
The son of a Vietnam War Veteran must deal with...
Jade Li is a feisty, 20-something Chinese Canad...
Muriel’s Wedding is P.J. Hogan’s film debut. A ...
It's the story about seven very different best ...
He's Ace Ventura: Pet Detective. Jim Carrey is ...
Two drag-queens and a transsexual contract to p...
Chronicles the early days of The Beatles in Ham...
An embittered husband, paralyzed and in a wheel...
Set in 1920's New York City, this movie tells t...
CIA Analyst Jack Ryan is drawn into an illegal ...
A street-wise kid, Mark Sway, sees the suicide ...
When Manny Singer's wife dies, his young daught...
From Spike Lee comes this vibrant semi-autobiog...
Exactly one year after young rock guitarist Eri...
Al Stump is a famous sports-writer chosen by Ty...
Modern Stone Age family the Flintstones hit the...
A man with a low IQ has accomplished great thin...
Four Weddings And A Funeral is a British comedy...
Malik (Omar Epps) is an African-American studen...
Lisette and husband Chino face marital difficul...
Rival Chicago reporters Sabrina Peterson (Rober...
Charlie Lang is a simple, kindhearted New York ...
Raised by wild animals since childhood, Mowgli ...
This documentary recounts the life and work of ...
A young lion cub named Simba can't wait to be k...
Little Buddha is a movie about the life of Sidd...
Freddy's back … and he's badder than ever! Nanc...
When timid bank clerk Stanley Ipkiss discovers ...
Maverick is a gambler who would rather con some...
Dorothy Parker remembers the heyday of the Algo...
Frank Drebin is persuaded out of retirement to ...
Henry Hackett is the editor of a New York City ...
A small circle of friends suffering from post-c...
When a promised job for Texan Michael fails to ...
Billionaire heir Richie Rich has it all, includ...
A mother with seven sons feels like she's losin...
While on a family vacation,  rafting expert Gai...
Los Angeles SWAT cop Jack Traven is up against ...
A romantic comedy. Michael Keaton and Geena Dav...
An officer for a security agency that regulates...
Harry Tasker is a secret agent for the United S...
An airline pilot and his wife are forced to fac...
Publisher Will Randall becomes a werewolf and h...
Covering the life and times of one of the West'...
Nelson Crowe is a CIA operative under the thumb...
Alfie Byrne is a middle-aged bus conductor in D...
An alienated and misanthropic teenager gains su...
A black detective becomes embroiled in a web of...
Each of the three short films in this collectio...
Colonel Chabert has been severely wounded in th...
Three strippers seeking thrills encounter a you...
The story of a young man who must confront his ...
A boy born the size of a small doll is kidnappe...
Col. Guile and various other martial arts heroe...
Cosmo, an affectless mob bookie who lives in th...
Jackie and Eugene are joined by a mystical wind...
Three young men decide to plan a mock kidnappin...
A weekend of 'fear therapy' turns into a nightm...
Before computer graphics, special effects wizar...
A runaway teenage girl and a drifter rob a bank...
The young caretaker at the estate of a reclusiv...
Matteo Juarez is a retired detective hired by a...
When the television ratings machines suddenly m...
Greed and playing into the hand of providence p...
Brother Minister reveals the mystery surroundin...
Starts off in the 15th century, with Connor McL...
In Providence's Italian neighborhood, Federal H...
With the disappearance of hack horror writer Su...
This film chronicles the life of Lane Frost, 19...
Story of a promising high school basketball sta...
Siblings Wednesday and Pugsley Addams will stop...
Stand up comedy by Martin Lawrence, filmed in t...
Tale of 19th century New York high society in w...
The Lone Rangers have heavy-metal dreams and a ...
Jimmy Dolan is a college basketball coach who w...
Chris and Bill are called upon for their excell...
Four former harlots try to leave the wild west ...
During the 1980s, uptight Ted Boynton is a sale...
One man must learn the meaning of courage acros...
Jed Clampett and kin move from Arkansas to Beve...
Back in sunny southern California and on the tr...
The fates of horses, and the people who own and...
Emma is an attractive girl in her 20s who has b...
Blown Away tells the story of Jimmy Dove who wo...
Pete Bell, a college basketball coach is under ...
Hank Marshall is a tough, square-jawed, straitl...
When Environmental Protection Agency inspector ...
A top surgeon is besotted with a beautiful woma...
Set in the Bronx during the tumultuous 1960s, a...
A foul-mouthed finishing school graduate mistak...
Like many adolescent boys, Roy Darpinian had th...
A Puerto-Rican ex-con, just released from priso...
On Mitch Robbins 40th birthday begins quite wel...
Pogue is a private eye with a problem: every mo...
A year after losing his friend in a tragic 4,00...
With enormous cone-shaped heads, robotlike walk...
When New York psychiatrist Bill Capa visits Los...
Hard-as-nails cop Jake Stone moves in with the ...
Two championship rodeo partners travel to New Y...
A New York film director, working on his latest...
Bill Mitchell is the philandering and distant P...
The adventures of a group of Texas teens on the...
Simon Phoenix, a violent criminal cryogenically...
Bruce Brown, king of surfing documentaries, ret...
Sissy Hankshaw (Uma Thurman) is born with enorm...
A spoof of the late 80s and early 90s suspense ...
Abandoned by his prostitute mother in 1920, Dou...
Kathy is married to Peter. Now she can't help b...
After a terrible air disaster, survivor Max Kle...
Chronicling the controversial career of bad boy...
Convinced he'll graduate with honors because of...
Some thirty years after Arlis witnesses his fat...
Scandal and mystery reign following the arrival...
New York concierge Doug Ireland wants to go int...
Mitch McDeere is a young man with a promising f...
When maladjusted orphan Jesse vandalizes a them...
Michael is a 12-year-old drug pusher who lives ...
Wrongfully accused of murdering his wife, Richa...
The Apache Indians have reluctantly agreed to s...
Doc McCoy is put in prison because his partners...
Ray, an ex-con and widower, is planning a coin ...
Max is a trendy, pretty, young lesbian, who is ...
Morgan Leafy is a secretary to the British High...
Before a criminal lawyer knows what has happene...
When a woman's father goes missing, she enlist ...
Le Ly lives in a small Vietnamese village whose...
Topper Harley is found to be working as an odd-...
A group of old friends at a Hens Night discuss ...
When an English cartographer arrives in Wales t...
A rancher, his clairvoyant wife and their famil...
Hip Hop duo Kid &amp; Play return in the second...
A naive business graduate is installed as presi...
Matt Hobbs is a talented but unsuccessful actor...
Bones Conway and Jack Kaufman didn't really kno...
Veteran Secret Service agent Frank Horrigan is ...
A small time thief from Belfast, Gerry Conlon, ...
The Inkwell is about a 16-year-old boy coming o...
A film about the singer Tina Turner and how she...
Jimmy Alto is an actor wannabe who stumbles int...
While racing to a boxing match, Frank, Mike, Jo...
A wealthy entrepreneur secretly creates a theme...
A journalist duo go on a tour of serial killer ...
Zed (Eric Stoltz) is an American vault-cracker ...
Based on the Depression-era bildungsroman memoi...
An update of the Lassie legend stars Thomas Gui...
Danny is obsessed with a fictional movie charac...
Michael Chapman was once a child TV star. But w...
Lightning Jack Kane is an Australian outlaw in ...
In 1960s China, French diplomat Rene Gallimard ...
A young black woman discovers that her father w...
A tale about a happily married couple who would...
The story of a relationship between a teacher a...
A middle-aged couple suspects foul play when th...
Menace II Society is a coming of age tale detai...
Terrorists hijack a 747 inbound to Washington D...
Based on a true story set in pre-war Japan, a m...
Jackie and Michael are coworkers at a large law...
In this Shakespearean farce, Hero and her groom...
The story about the relationship between a mani...
Electrician Gus gets the chance to fulfill a ch...
Loving but irresponsible dad Daniel Hillard, es...
Johnny flees Manchester for London, to avoid a ...
During a commemoration for Japanese soldiers fi...
Peter and Katherine Witner are Southern Califor...
In the year 2022, a ruthless prison warden has ...
Eleven-year-old North has had it with his paren...
In 1600, nobleman Orlando inherits his parents'...
A kidnapped boy strikes up a friendship with hi...
No one would take his case until one man was wi...
After a long voyage from Scotland, pianist Ada ...
In this film, we see the world through the eyes...
Several players from different backgrounds try ...
The Earth is invaded by alien parasites aka "sl...
In 1939, WBN, a fourth radio network, is about ...
A cat burglar is forced to take a bickering, dy...
A rule bound head butler's world of manners and...
Danny DeVito plays an advertising man who is sl...
When a prostitute is found dead in a Los Angele...
An unhappy young couple visit the infamous Kell...
The mega corporation Omni Consumer Products is ...
Robin Hood comes home after fighting in the Cru...
A corrupt cop gets in over his head when he tri...
Nazi skinheads in Melbourne take out their ange...
Reeling from her mother's recent death, Ruby Le...
Rudy grew up in a steel mill town where most pe...
Matthew, a young schizophrenic, finds himself o...
Jean is young, gay, and promiscuous. Only after...
The true story of how businessman Oskar Schindl...
When his star recruit botches a Major League Ba...
A prepubescent chess prodigy refuses to harden ...
The difficult relationship between a british po...
A young British girl born and reared in India l...
A picture perfect middle class family is shocke...
Based on the 1930's comic strip, puts the hero ...
C.S. Lewis, a world-renowned writer and profess...
Multi-storied, fish-eyed look at American cultu...
When Michael McCann is thrown over by the woman...
In 1930s Australia, Anglican clergyman Anthony ...
The story of a young, gay black con artist who,...
A young boy who tries to set his dad up on a da...
A women moves into an apartment in Manhattan an...
In the smog-choked dystopian Los Angeles of 201...
Country girl Rebecca has spent most of her life...
Just after a bad breakup, Charlie MacKenzie fal...
Coming from a police family, Tom Hardy ends up ...
Diane is a sophisticated trainee on the New Yor...
Mario and Luigi, plumbers from Brooklyn, find t...
Mason is a man down on his luck with nothing to...
A maverick skydiver and a former KGB agent team...
A collection of vignettes highlighting differen...
Eddy and Stuart share two-thirds of a dormitory...
Tired of scaring humans every October 31 with t...
D'Artagnan travels to Paris hoping to become a ...
Legendary marshal Wyatt Earp, now a weary gunfi...
Valerie is a juror in the trail of a mob boss. ...
Clarence marries hooker Alabama, steals cocaine...
A behind-the-scenes documentary about the Clint...
Tyler knows a lot about accidents. So much so, ...
A writer has torrid fantasy affairs with young ...
The Beans are poor, proud, hated by all, but al...
This lyrical, modern-day film noir finds cynica...
An unattractive 7th grader struggles to cope wi...
It's mid 19th century, north of France. The sto...
Military men Rock Reilly and Eddie Devane are t...
Faced with his own mortality, an ingenious alch...
Naked in New York begins in the car of grown up...
Kika, a young cosmetologist, is called to the m...
A group of women of Indian descent take a trip ...
The Chairman of the Minnesota Twins passes away...
Stocholm in the 1920s. Young Roland lives with ...
Diana and Deric have an ideal marriage: they th...
A French football playing exchange student fall...
A bureaucratic snafu sends Marco Tullio Sperell...
Bright young student Raymond Aibelli is forced ...
Spanky, Alfalfa, Buckwheat, and the other chara...
Fausto enters an orphanage and is initially bul...
The true story of how a marine seal named Andre...
The film shows the difficulties of an honest, i...
Bristol, England, early 19th century. A beautif...
This documentary highlights the historical cont...
Lola is pregnant. But she does not know who the...
Writer/director/actor Nanni Moretti offers a th...
Leonor, a widow in a small South American town,...
The original 70's TV family is now placed in th...
Eight-year-old Kevin McCallister makes the most...
Sam Wheat is a banker, Molly Jensen is an artis...
Princess Jasmine grows tired of being forced to...
Nearly 10 years have passed since Sarah Connor ...
Wounded Civil War soldier, John Dunbar tries to...
A private eye helps an amnesiac CIA agent elude...
The Dark Knight of Gotham City begins his war o...
FBI trainee, Clarice Starling ventures into a m...
A beautiful girl, Snow White, takes refuge in t...
Follow the adventures of Belle, a bright young ...
Lonely toymaker Geppetto has his wishes answere...
When millionaire wheeler-dealer Edward Lewis en...
Nikolai (played by Sergei Dontsov) has been fir...
Aging outlaw Pike Bishop (William Holden) prepa...
Small-time criminal Watty Watts attempts to rob...
Emerging from the Chinese film renaissance of t...
Art Kane, now deceased, coordinated a group pho...
This film about is about three divorced men and...
Melanie Parker, an architect and mother of Samm...
The Candyman moves on to New Orleans and starts...
Turn-of-the-century love story centered around ...
Jerry, a small-town Minnesota car salesman is b...
Your favorite talking animals are back! The fil...
A glowing orb terrorizes a young girl with a co...
In the 22nd century, a scientist attempts to ri...
Aspiring architect Tom Thompson is told by myst...
Jane Eyre is an orphan cast out as a young girl...
A group of young friends convene in the country...
Italian immigrant tries to become a member of S...
When Madame Adelaide Bonfamille leaves her fort...
Marisa Paredes is Leocadia ("Leo") Macias, a wo...
A young gallerist is in love with two sisters a...
Jack Cooper (Matt LeBlanc) could be a world-cla...
A meeting of two world famous climbers, one an ...
Old woman Berthe leaves her house to live in he...
A Modern Affair is an independent feature direc...
Prison guard falls in love with inmate. She wan...
Twelve-year-old Noura dangles uncertainly in th...
Nightclub manager Darnell Wright is a perpetual...
A group of idealistic, but frustrated, liberals...
An arrogant, high-powered attorney takes on the...
This is the Easter weekend. In an inner city pr...
Based on Jim Harrison's book, "Farmer". 47-year...
Charlie and Itchy return to Earth to find Gabri...
The movie narrates the story of David Carr, an ...
A group of friends in New York, working away at...
In an alternate futuristic society, a tough fem...
Earl Pilcher Jr., runs an equipment rental outf...
A first person narrative of a gay serial killer...
The army is known for churning out lean mean fi...
Jack always lands on his feet. He lands on his ...
Girl 6 is a 1996 American film by director Spik...
The wife and mistress of a cruel school master ...
Stephen, an international trader, tracks down h...
Troubled Roula finds herself drawn to Leon, an ...
                                               NaN
                                               NaN
Nelly leaves her lazy, unemployed husband to wo...
A US Army officer had made a "friendly fire" mi...
When Ethan Hunt, the leader of a crack espionag...
A Japanese businessman travels to Iceland and h...
The daughter of a thief, young Moll is placed i...
                                               NaN
Two obsessive-compulsives, a chef and an anorex...
In an ancient time when majestic fire-breathers...
                                               NaN
The deportation of 4000 Jews from Budapest to A...
Eddie is a New York limo driver and a fanatical...
Two South African boys, one white, Rhino, and o...
This movie is all about a normal guy called Bil...
Tom Ripley is a talented mimic, moocher, forger...
Set in 1890s North Wales over a long, hot Augus...
When the young orphan boy James spills a magic ...
A 16 year old girl takes up with a charming you...
A pharmaceutical scientist creates a pill that ...
A depressed housewife whose husband is having a...
Black marketeers Marko (Miki Manojlovic) and Bl...
This film is set in 1943 when the whole of Euro...
After thief Alex Cardo gets caught while steali...
The film is a coming-of-age story of a young bo...
Apu is a jobless ex-student dreaming vaguely of...
The mad and evil scientist, Dr. Clayton Forrest...
Academy Award winner Mira Sorvino plays photogr...
In a desperate attempt to win a basketball matc...
In the far future, a highly sexual woman is tas...
A weekend of fun becomes a fight for survival w...
Aliens who've come to earth to spawn deep benea...
25 years after committing a double murder, Karl...
An Irish lad (Matt Keeslar) who fled from his o...
An American private-eye, arrives in Alphaville,...
In 1938 in the french West Africa, Lucien Cordi...
In 1993, Sam Fuller takes Jim Jarmusch on a tri...
Directed by French filmmaker Claude Chabrol, th...
Shire is the subject of a perverse obsession by...
A gathering of friends. A gift of love. A celeb...
Adaptation of Chekhov's "Uncle Vanya" set in ru...
Five Green Berets stationed in Vietnam in 1968 ...
East-Berlin, 1961, shortly after the erection o...
Connie Doyle is eighteen and pregnant her boyfr...
An android fighting-machine (Mario Van Peebles)...
                                               NaN
After he did some jobs for CIA, ex-marine John ...
Mary Giordano is a bright, intelligent student ...
Eunice is walking along the highways of norther...
Sam Clayton's (Vincent D'Onofrio) marriage to e...
A struggling American writer and a fellow Ameri...
Kendall (Patricia Royce) just got dumped by her...
Angus is a large, pathetic 14 year old whose th...
In the 1890s, Father Adolf Daens goes to Aalst,...
An old married man leaves his wife for a younge...
Fed up with boarding school and frustrated with...
Ghang-gheng, the ancient winner-take-all compet...
Lewis a young director get his first job direct...
A white school teacher takes over a talented, b...
In 1950s Los Angeles, a special crime squad of ...
A successful veterinarian and radio show host w...
This animated take on Oliver Twist re-imagines ...
The National Basketball Association play-offs a...
Sandy Ricks is sent by his mom to Coral Key, a ...
A beautiful young dentist working in a tough Br...
Irene is a magazine editor living under the sha...
On the run after murdering a man, accountant Wi...
In a time of war and disease, a young officer g...
A tough gang of teenage girls are looking for l...
For financial reasons an unemployed aspiring ac...
This outrageous time-travel comedy follows the ...
Construction worker Doug Kinney finds that the ...
The strange life and the wonderfully awful film...
Two Sicilian friends, Nunzio and Pino, share th...
A Catholic school newcomer falls in with a cliq...
When the champ's promoter, Rev. Sultan, decides...
Upon taking a new job, young lawyer Rick Hayes ...
Seven New Zealand women speak about their lives...
In this adaptation of the satirical British nov...
Jakob arrives at the Institute Benjamenta (run ...
A hardened New Orleans cop, Dave Robicheaux, fi...
A violent street gang, the Rebels, rule the str...
A group of renegade marine commandos seizes a s...
When the very moralistic college ethics instruc...
A cemetery man has the unusual problem of the d...
TV weatherman Bill Harding is trying to get his...
A sexy nightclub owner, Barb Wire moonlights as...
A self-centered man (Gérard Depardieu) with man...
                                     German Comedy
In the year 2029, the barriers of our world hav...
A fat Lawyer finds himself growing "Thinner" wh...
The evil Gen. Rancor has his sights set on worl...
Amir is an illegal Pakistani immigrant smuggled...
Wallace falls in love with wool-shop owner Wend...
Lawyer Joe Morse wants to consolidate all the s...
An incredibly dull-witted family unknowingly st...
Zane Ziminski is an astrophysicist who receives...
An Australian blowhard raises two orphaned chil...
Insane General Jack D. Ripper initiates a nucle...
In the remote Alpine village of Tolzbad at the ...
Vermont is for Lovers is an independently produ...
For 16 years Miss Bentley has been spending Apr...
Two teen girls, one from the city, one from the...
Kim, a young boy living on his own on the stree...
A biography of the Portuguese-Brazilian singer ...
The film is set in five parts, five seasons tha...
In the yard of an Iranian village school stands...
A film about the work of the artist most famous...
"Stalingrad" follows the progress of a German P...
The 21st successor to the role of Bengalla's re...
Bounced from her job, Erin Grant needs money if...
It is 1977, Dublin rocks to the music of Thin L...
Victor is a cook who works in a greasy bar/rest...
Jack Powell suffers from an affliction that mak...
Based on the true story of Valerie Solanas who ...
Based on the novel by Truman Capote, this often...
This tale takes place in a bar. The Spanish Alo...
A young man with dreams of pursuing a career in...
The boisterous and cheerful lives of the reside...
A cowherd with a skull-mounted motorcycle and a...
In pre-colonial times a peddler crossing the sa...
Three directors each adapt a Poe short story to...
Gena is an average woman who is torn between he...
Union soldiers in search of food descend on the...
Renton, deeply immersed in the Edinburgh drug s...
Two strangers, whose paths are always crossing,...
On July 2, a giant alien mothership enters orbi...
Lucy Harmon, an American teenager is arriving i...
When the San Francisco Giants pay centerfielder...
When Quasi defies the evil Frollo and ventures ...
When recently single Steven moves into his new ...
After bowler Roy Munson swindles the wrong crow...
U.S. Marshall John Kruger erases the identities...
The Gate of Heavenly Peace is a feature-length ...
Eddie Murphy stars as shy Dr. Sherman Klump, a ...
A viceroy and an archbishop take their posts in...
In 1925 Romania, young Marie-Therese Von Debret...
Shot in B&amp;W, Gyula Gazdag's film follows th...
May, 1946, in Paris young poet Jacques Prevel m...
Brothers Joel (Alex Del Rosario), Dennis (Grand...
Mercedes is a taxi dancer who wants to be an ac...
When David, an ex-monk still in his twenties me...
La vieille qui marchait dans la mer (English: T...
A group of armed robbers fleeing the police hea...
Once an architect, Frank Bannister now passes h...
When the skeleton of his murdered predecessor i...
When the secret notebook of a young girl who fa...
An ordinary man sees a bright light descend fro...
Things have been tough lately for Amelia. Her b...
Mickey, a free-spirited New York cabbie, and Fr...
A young lawyer defends a black man accused of m...
Three inner-city losers plan a robbery of a val...
Three stories of love and coincidence around th...
Jake Barnes and his two kids, Sean and Jessie, ...
During a routine prison work detail, convict Pi...
Shaquille O'Neal as a rapping genie protects a ...
A battle-scarred, has-been Hungarian cop, torme...
Motivational Speaker Jack Corcoran is determine...
                                               NaN
A controversial talk show host becomes involved...
A tale of power, passion and obsession set in a...
A man claiming to be Carol Brady's long-lost fi...
La storia di Stefano (Maurizio Nichetti) sembra...
Amid a revolution in a South American mining ou...
'Hedd Wyn' is a 1992 Welsh anti-war biopic. Ell...
A bombastic, womanizing art dealer and his pain...
                                No overview found.
Christoph, cop and self-confident macho, has tr...
                                               NaN
The journey of Michael Padovic, an American pro...
One of puppet-maker Geppetto's creations comes ...
A nice guy has just moved to New York and disco...
After years of helping their hubbies climb the ...
A group of homosexual people try to live with d...
When a rich man's son is kidnapped, he cooperat...
Richard Clark has just left the well-known Well...
A hefty homeboy borrows his dad's Mercedes and ...
The story of five teenage girls who form an unl...
Two researchers in a green alternative energy p...
A grouchy couple are parents to a very sweet gi...
Emma Woodhouse is a congenial young lady who de...
After Ashe and his little son are murdered viol...
High-schooler Grover Beindorf and his younger s...
Professor Genessier is guilt-stricken after his...
Private eye Rafe Guttman is hired by repressed,...
This film tells two interwoven stories of two s...
This Chinese melodrama presents an allegory tin...
                                               NaN
The same situation is played out in different c...
Benny, a hapless grifter, is thrown off a train...
Percy, upon being released from prison, goes to...
This time, a cataclysmic temblor hits Los Angel...
Follows a young cyclo (bicycle cab) driver on h...
Director Julian Schnabel illustrates the portra...
A washed up golf pro working at a driving range...
Young John Anderson is captivated by jazz music...
In Kabuki style, the film tells the story of a ...
Camille, a mercurial César-winning actress, has...
                                               NaN
At a Shanghai apartment, Mr Hou, a Nationalist ...
Spanning the years 1945 to 1955, a chronicle of...
Der Bewegte Mann is a German comedy about a het...
A Hong Kong detective teams up with his female ...
A pregnant teen and her younger sister run away...
Ten years into a marriage, the wife is disappoi...
Three teenage brothers, gang-member Bobby, trou...
Corky, a tough female ex con and her lover Viol...
A man with an important business meeting finds ...
A reserved man in need of a job, Carl Fitzgeral...
Robert Altman's story is a riff on race, class,...
Two fishing fanatics get in trouble when their ...
A pair of lovers have no idea that their affair...
The film focuses on three city folks who unknow...
Beautiful, detached, laconic, consumptive Lily ...
Carl Panzram is sent to Leavenworth Prison for ...
A young street fighter seeks revenge against a ...
As a crime wave sweeps through Hong Kong, the p...
Four women, Patti, Emma, Angela, and Nicki are ...
In Paris, Ismaél, a young Tunisian, cares for t...
A researcher at Chicago's Natural History Museu...
A shipwrecked sailor stumbles upon a mysterious...
Some say that to be the leader of a country is ...
How tenuous is man's hold on civilization when ...
Angel celebrates the birth of his daughter by t...
Recently orphaned, a young boy is taken in by h...
An undercover police officer named Rock Keats b...
This is the story of a young Irish woman who co...
Littlefoot and his friends are constantly being...
Sarah, 30, single, well educated, likes art, pl...
                                               NaN
Six years ago, Michael Myers terrorized the tow...
Shakespeare's comedy of gender confusion, in wh...
An American spy behind the lines during WWII se...
Vienna in the beginning of the twentieth centur...
An atmospheric coming-of-age story featuring an...
Set in rural France during the end of the Alger...
Spain in the 1930s is the place to be for a man...
Philadelphia heiress Tracy Lord throws out her ...
In 1927 Hollywood, Don Lockwood and Lina Lamont...
Jerry Mulligan is an exuberant American expatri...
A shy Greenwich Village book clerk is discovere...
Fortune hunter Holly Golightly finds herself ca...
A retired San Francisco detective suffering fro...
Professional photographer L.B. "Jeff" Jeffries ...
Ellie Andrews has just tied the knot with socie...
In the late 19th century, Paula Alquist is stud...
Guy Holden falls for Mimi Glossop without knowi...
Advertising man Roger Thornhill is mistaken for...
Bud Baxter is a minor clerk in a huge New York ...
Two musicians witness a mob hit and struggle to...
After Regina Lampert falls for the dashing Pete...
In Casablanca, Morocco in December 1941, a cyni...
A private detective takes on a case that involv...
A misogynistic and snobbish phonetics professor...
Linus and David Larrabee are the two sons of a ...
Overwhelmed by her suffocating schedule, tourin...
The classic Shirley Temple film in which a litt...
In the year before the 1904 St Louis World's Fa...
Young Dorothy finds herself in a magical world ...
An American classic in which a manipulative wom...
Benjy Stone is the junior writer on the top rat...
A hack screenwriter writes a screenplay for a f...
Newspaper magnate, Charles Foster Kane is taken...
Humanity finds a mysterious object buried benea...
A British colonel (Ray Milland) escapes from th...
From the moment she glimpses her idol at the st...
Wealthy Mary Haines is unaware her husband is h...
A self-conscious bride is tormented by the memo...
The European war was only beginning to erupt ac...
Released shortly after the war, this classic Hi...
When Dr. Anthony Edwardes arrives at a Vermont ...
Nickie Ferrante's return to New York to marry a...
A delightful Hitchcock film about an ex-burglar...
Proud father Stanley Banks remembers the day hi...
A pretentiously artistic director is hired for ...
A stern Russian woman sent to Paris on official...
Lovestruck conservatory student Adriane pretend...
A home, a motorcar, servants, the latest fashio...
Jimmy and Sheila Broadbent (Rex Harrison and Ka...
Robin Hood (Errol Flynn) fights nobly for justi...
Around 1820 the son of a California nobleman co...
A police detective falls in love with the woman...
In 1900, strong-willed widow Lucy Muir goes to ...
British diplomat Robert Conway and a small grou...
Showman Jerry Travers is working for producer H...
During the Nazi occupation of Poland, an acting...
A zany heiress tries to help a tramp by making ...
Sprawling epic covering the life of a Texas cat...
In the Salinas Valley, in and around World War ...
After a four year absence, one time detective N...
Hildy, the journalist former wife of newspaper ...
Based on the famous book by Jules Verne the mov...
George Bailey has spent his entire life giving ...
Naive and idealistic Jefferson Smith, leader of...
David Huxley is waiting to get a bone he needs ...
A light-hearted romantic drama starring Cary Gr...
In Puritan Boston, seamstress Hester Prynne is ...
After one member of their group is murdered, th...
Club-footed medical school student Philip Carey...
Gangster Eddie Kagel is killed by a trusted lie...
An American boy turns out to be the heir of a w...
A boxer flees, believing he has committed a mur...
An illiterate stooge in a traveling medicine sh...
Notorious shootist and womanizer Quirt Evans' h...
While on vacation in London, Canadian Richard H...
In the 1943 invasion of Italy, one American pla...
Newly appointed sheriff Pat Garrett is pleased ...
A group of people try to survive an attack of b...
At the start of the first World War, in the mid...
The script, which was written on a day-to-day b...
Brick, an alcoholic ex-football player, drinks ...
Charles returns to Paris to reminisce about the...
As a parting shot, fired reporter Ann Mitchell ...
Pepe Le Moko is a notorious thief, who escaped ...
James Cagney has a rare chance to show his song...
British nurse Catherine Barkley (Helen Hayes) a...
An amateur detective gets a chance to test his ...
A raw depiction of the Belfast 'troubles' as sa...
Asprin (Mang Hoi) and Strepsil (John Shum), two...
Vusi Madlazi returns to the South African villa...
The morning of a small town Labor Day picnic, a...
This is the story of Harry and Flint, an unlike...
Four guys sit around drinking beer and talking,...
A dedicated music teacher in East Harlem instru...
Amy is only 13 years old when her mother is kil...
Joseph and Maria are married for six months and...
An aspiring singer, Denise Waverly/Edna Buxton,...
Schlafes Bruder tells the story a few exception...
A policeman takes his twin brother's place and ...
Michael Collins plays a crucial role in the est...
A rich man's wife finds she has a bad prenuptia...
Story of the early life of genius and Nobel Pri...
Primo &amp; Secondo, two immigrant brothers, pi...
John Smith is a mysterious stranger who is draw...
A middle-aged couple has a drifter enter their ...
Four black women, all of whom have suffered for...
In a sleepy bedroom community of LA's San Ferna...
Gabriella, a Columbian immigrant, is obsessed w...
                                No overview found.
Ed lives in Wisconsin, but he's just been dumpe...
Thriller about Guy Luthan (Hugh Grant), a Briti...
A former government operative renowned for his ...
The Ducks are offered scholarships at Eden Hall...
Having survived the hatred and bigotry that was...
A roving bachelor gets saddled with three child...
Legends (and myths) from the life of famed Amer...
Tia and Tony are two orphaned youngsters with e...
Herbie is a car - but no ordinary car. The stor...
The living Volkswagen Beetle helps a old lady p...
Young Travis Coates is left to take care of the...
Hayley Mills plays twins who, unknown to their ...
A young girl comes to an embittered town and co...
Remake of the popular Disney classic, this time...
Through an ancient spell, a boy changes into a ...
After being shipwrecked, the Robinson family is...
A young woman suspects foul play when her cat c...
A ship sent to investigate a wave of mysterious...
When a Jamaican sprinter is disqualified from t...
Roger is a foster child whose irresponsible fat...
Cinderella has faith her dreams of a better lif...
Winnie the Pooh and his friends experience high...
For Donald's birthday he receives a box with th...
Wart is a young boy who aspires to be a knight'...
The tale of Jeremiah Kincaid and his quest to r...
When the dastardly Sheriff of Nottingham murder...
The movie combines a diverting story, songs, co...
Dumbo is a baby elephant born with oversized ea...
Pete, a young orphan, runs away to a Maine fish...
Three children evacuated from London during Wor...
On a golden afternoon, young Alice follows a Wh...
When a feisty little fox named Tod is adopted i...
Following the arrest of her mother, Ramona, you...
Film adaptation of a classic Rodgers and Hammer...
NYPD cop, John McClane's plan to reconcile with...
A simple man is turned into a genius through th...
Widowed mother Mildred must suddenly redefine h...
Conceived as an electronic road movie, this doc...
London of the late 19th century is a haven for ...
A middle-aged London factory worker is shocked ...
A Pennsylvania band scores a hit in 1964 and ri...
David loves his wife, Gillian. Unfortunately, s...
The passionate Merchant-Ivory drama tells the s...
This fast-paced and funny twist on Romeo And Ju...
A pair of teenage boys growing up in a working-...
Samantha Caine, suburban homemaker, is the idea...
Sir Robert Beaumont is behind schedule on a rai...
Al Pacino's deeply-felt rumination on Shakespea...
Tommy has lost his job, his love and his life. ...
                                               NaN
Chris Anderson and his wife Pam live a fairly n...
Get On the Bus follows several Black men on a c...
Bobby Bishop (Sheen) is a special assistant to ...
In late 19th-century England, Jude aspires to b...
A New York girl sets her father up with a beaut...
A patriot (René Lavan) with a rebellious brothe...
In director Baz Luhrmann's contemporary take on...
This is a story about Mike, a guy who left his ...
Two gangsters seek revenge on the state jail wo...
A young half-Navajo convict (Jon Seda) dying of...
It's the day before Christmas, the day before J...
Legendary secrets are revealed as Aladdin and h...
Director Anthony Asquith, working in the style ...
Ballet star Pete "Petrov" Peters arranges to cr...
Lady Alyce Marshmorton must marry soon, and the...
A man is murdered, apparently by one of a group...
Detective Philip Marlowe is hired by hulking Mo...
A man on the run in the Far East is mistaken fo...
This Canadian film presents and old-fashioned w...
Eccentric candy man Willy Wonka prompts a world...
Jan Bocquoy narrates the story of his sexual li...
A young governess for two children becomes conv...
Miles Monroe, a clarinet-playing health food st...
When a bumbling New Yorker is dumped by his act...
A diamond advocate is attempting to steal a col...
Brian Cohen is an average young Jewish man, but...
A struggling female soprano finds work playing ...
Bill McKay is a candidate for the U.S. Senate f...
Professional daredevil and white-suited hero, T...
Bonnie and Clyde is based on the true stories o...
Based on one of Hemingway's most famous works, ...
An ex-tennis pro carries out a plot to have his...
Cio-Cio-San, a young Japanese geisha, seeks to ...
Expecting the usual tedium that accompanies a s...
A botched robbery indicates a police informant,...
As a young and naive recruit in Vietnam, Chris ...
Two friends are invited for a weekend to a luxu...
A police detective is in charge of the investig...
The story of the famous and influential 1960's ...
Irish Republican Army member Fergus (Stephen Re...
Glengarry Glen Ross, follows the lives of four ...
Meryl Streep stars as Sophie, a Polish immigran...
After a gentle alien becomes stranded on Earth,...
While working on a documentary on his old neigh...
Reginald Owen portrays Charles Dickens' holiday...
Talented but unproven stock car driver Cole Tri...
For Lieutenant Pete 'Maverick' Mitchell and his...
The desert can be a lonely place for the people...
After moving to a new town, troublemaking teen ...
Disturbed Blanche DuBois moves in with her sist...
Grace Rhodes, who is studying to be a doctor, r...
The true story of the birth, growth and coming ...
Humourous interpretation of the poems and writi...
                                               NaN
A documentary of insect life in meadows and pon...
Jerry and his two pals, Russ and Syd, are just ...
Laurel Ayres is a businesswoman trying to make ...
The story concerns the funeral of one of three ...
The town of Derry has a secret, but no one told...
A young Parisian must make major decisions abou...
Georges has Down syndrome, living at a mental-i...
Set during the Alaskan gold rush of the late 18...
At the beginning of a nightly Alcoholics Anonym...
Larry Flynt is the hedonistically obnoxious, bu...
It's punk rock meets Animal House in this campu...
The filmmakers follow Oliver North's unsuccessf...
The loons are back again on Golden Pond and so ...
The famous Pink Panther jewel has once again be...
When Elizabeth returns to her mother's home aft...
A civilian oil rig crew is recruited to conduct...
Strange things begin to occurs as a tiny Califo...
In 1997, the island of Manhattan has been walle...
After a bizarre and near fatal encounter with a...
In a rural French village, an old man and his o...
In this, the sequel to Jean de Florette, Manon ...
Based on real events, 17-year-old Johnny García...
A sheltered young high society woman joins the ...
King Arthur, accompanied by his squire, recruit...
Reminiscent of Sunset Boulevard, Hustler White ...
Interviews in the Michael Moore/"Roger and Me" ...
Old college chums get together for a weekend re...
"Entertaining Angels" is an interesting title f...
Raoul Ruiz’s enthralling thriller is made up of...
The childhood, adolescence, and incredible adul...
Spectacular shots of snowcapped peaks and extre...
This film, based on a Jim Carroll short story, ...
It's 1974. Muhammad Ali is 32 and thought by ma...
Gromit finds himself being pushed out of his ro...
Director Jean-Luc Godard reflects in this movie...
During the medieval times, Martin Guerre return...
A very free adaptation of Marlowe's 'Doctor Fau...
This film-noir piece, told in semi-documentary ...
In this film noir classic, a revenge-seeking ga...
Two U.S. Treasury ("T-men") agents go undercove...
The film follows a four-year old boy named Pric...
A minister falls in love with a blind young wom...
A scatterbrained heiress opens her home to a su...
A young girl runs away from her carnival family...
The Whinneys share expenses for their trip to H...
Oskar Matzerath, son of a local dealer, is a mo...
A member of the House of Lords dies in a shocki...
The film tells the story of two girls who are o...
The story of a housewife who must work the stre...
This film was inspired by a real event—a young ...
When letters written to God start getting resul...
One man's struggle to contain the curse he hide...
Chronicles the six-month strike at Hormel in Au...
Tommy Lee (Phillip Rhee) comes to visit his sis...
Mock documentary about an upstart candidate for...
A filmmaker recalls his childhood, when he fell...
The wife of a barbaric crime boss engages in a ...
Stressed and overworked, famous French movie st...
This bizarre surrealistic black comedy takes pl...
Veronique is a beautiful young French woman who...
Based on Elizabeth Von Arnim's novel, four Engl...
During World War I, commanding officer General ...
A young short-con grifter suffers both injury a...
Singer Josef Locke fled to Ireland 25 years ago...
The story is of a small town in the early west ...
Beginning in the 1930s, "The English Patient" t...
Greek Sea, World War II. An Italian ship leaves...
In this true story told through flashbacks, Chr...
A sexually repressed woman's husband is having ...
Soap actress May-Alice Culhane is paralyzed fro...
Brave new steps put Scott's career in jeopardy....
Errol Morris's unique documentary dramatically ...
Recently released from a mental hospital, Ricky...
From the rain of Japan, through threats of arre...
A chronicle of New York City's drag scene in th...
While serving time for insanity at a state ment...
An unemployed pot-smoking slacker and amateur d...
The epic saga continues as Luke Skywalker, in h...
In this enchantingly cracked fairy tale, the be...
When Dr. Indiana Jones – the tweed-suited profe...
Low-level bureaucrat Sam Lowry escapes the mono...
When Ripley's lifepod is found by a salvage cre...
While the Civil War rages between the Union and...
Two 'resting' actors living in a squalid Camden...
The defense and the prosecution have rested and...
An epic about British officer T.E. Lawrence's m...
Demonic gang-leader Alex goes on the spree of r...
In a small Alabama town in the 1930s, scrupulou...
At the height of the Vietnam war, Captain Benja...
This classic western masterpiece is an epic fil...
As Rebel leaders map their strategy for an all-...
Wings of Desire is Wim Wender’s artistically be...
Set in postwar Vienna, Austria, "The Third Man"...
The true story of Henry Hill, a half-Irish, hal...
During its return to the earth, commercial spac...
A man is accidentally transported to 1300 A.D.,...
Two men answer the call of the ocean in this ro...
Set in Japan in the 16th century (or so), an el...
Mob assassin Jeffrey is no ordinary hired gun; ...
When larcenous real estate clerk Marion Crane g...
Jake Blues is just out of jail, and teams up wi...
In the continuing saga of the Corleone crime fa...
A pragmatic U.S. Marine observes the dehumanizi...
Wallace and Gromit have run out of cheese and t...
Gritty adaption of William Shakespeare's play a...
The incredible story of genius musician Wolfgan...
Sean Thornton has returned from America to recl...
A former Prohibition-era Jewish gangster return...
When Jake LaMotta steps into a boxing ring and ...
In the city of New York, comedian Alvy Singer f...
A chronicle of the original Mercury astronauts ...
Near a gray and unnamed city is the Zone, a pla...
A German submarine hunts allied ships during th...
Set in the 1930's this intricate caper deals wi...
The young Harold lives in his own world of suic...
After being thrown away from home, pregnant hig...
When disillusioned Swedish knight Antonius Bloc...
An American oil company sends a man to Scotland...
In the post-apocalyptic future, reigning tyrann...
When a Sumatran rat-monkey bites Lionel Cosgrov...
Robert Gould Shaw leads the US Civil War's firs...
Two minor characters from the play, "Hamlet" st...
The life of a divorced television writer dating...
Set in 1929, a political boss and his advisor h...
At an elite, old-fashioned boarding school in N...
A recent college graduate finds himself in a lo...
Stark, perverse story of murder, kidnapping, an...
A beautiful felon, sentenced to life in prison ...
The classic story of English POWs in Burma forc...
With 8 ½ Frederico Fellini leaves a self-portra...
Private eye Jake Gittes lives off the murky mor...
An alien and a robot land on earth after World ...
Fred C. Dobbs and Bob Curtin, both down on thei...
A team from the intergalactic fast food chain C...
Rufus T. Firefly is named president/dictator of...
Lane Meyer is obsessed with his girlfriend Beth...
Jack Torrance accepts a caretaker job at the Ov...
After the death of a friend, a writer recounts ...
In this classic German thriller, Hans Beckert, ...
Ash Williams and his girlfriend Linda find a lo...
The Nazis, exasperated at the number of escapes...
A group of working-class friends decides to enl...
Jules, a young Parisian postman, secretly recor...
A narcissistic TV weatherman, along with his at...
William Munny is a retired, once-ruthless kille...
The Manchurian Candidate is a political thrille...
Mark is an intelligent but shy teenager who has...
Mortimer Brewster is a newspaperman and author ...
Eighties teenager Marty McFly is accidentally s...
Amidst her own personality crisis, southern hou...
"Patton" tells the tale of General George S. Pa...
The story of three men from completely differen...
Childhood friends Tetsuo and Kaneda are pulled ...
He fought his first battle on the Scottish High...
When petty criminal Luke Jackson is sentenced t...
Embarrassed by his large nose, a romantic poet/...
A young neurosurgeon inherits the castle of his...
An anthology of 5 different cab drivers in 5 Am...
China in the 1920s. After her father's death, 1...
Dictator Adenoid Hynkel tries to expand his emp...
Walt Disney's timeless masterpiece is an extrav...
High Noon is about a recently freed leader of a...
Private Detective Philip Marlowe is hired by a ...
A girl who halfheartedly tries to be part of th...
Young writer, Richard Collier is met on the ope...
Ben-Hur is a 1959 epic film directed by William...
"This Is Spinal Tap" shines a light on the self...
Takes us to locations all around the US and sho...
A young tomboy, Watts, finds her feelings for h...
When Dr. Henry Jones Sr. suddenly goes missing ...
A simple-minded gardener named Chance has spent...
In the early years of the 20th century, Mohanda...
Successful surgeon Tomas leaves Prague for an o...
When Lucy Honeychurch and chaperon Charlotte Ba...
Chris is the top brain who just wants to party,...
A troubled rock star descends into madness in t...
The Killing Fields tells the real life story of...
A boy and his brother don't get along well. In ...
Captain Adams and the crew of the Starship C57D...
Ray Kinsella is an Iowa farmer who hears a myst...
A robust adventure about two British adventurer...
In late 1890s Wyoming, Butch Cassidy is the aff...
A man wanders out of the desert not knowing who...
Until The End of the World is an odyssey for th...
During their travels from Chicago to New York, ...
Friends flash back to a fight between pals that...
Seth is a youth with artistic leanings, a fasci...
This documentary examines the Seattle scene as ...
Penurious but muscle-bound Blake Thorne has mad...
An ambitious female attorney wallows in excess ...
With his boss in the madhouse, a mobster is tem...
She's Kathy, a comix cartoonist; he's David, te...
Women (many of them lesbian) artists, writers, ...
Old Nat Moyer is a talker, a philosopher, and a...
JC is the hero of the Cornish surfing community...
Kids of Survival is an Emmy Award-winning featu...
After escaping with Newt and Hicks from the ali...
Two American tourists in England are attacked b...
When an old clock arrives at home as a gift, st...
To debunk the Amityville house's infamous reput...
A dollhouse that is a replica of the infamous A...
When young photographer Keyes (Ross Partridge) ...
The Lutz family have managed to flee their home...
George Lutz and his wife Kathleen, move into th...
Five people spend the night in an abandoned hou...
Deathly ill Count Dracula and his slimy underli...
A group of eight college friends gather togethe...
A man is convinced that a young girl is the rei...
Mourning the accidental death of his wife and h...
Chic socialite Melanie Daniels enjoys a passing...
A mysterious creature from another planet, rese...
Something or someone is attacking people one by...
A criminal psychologist loses his arm in a car ...
Edinburgh, 1831. Among those who undertake the ...
When Dracula leaves the captive Jonathan Harker...
Bride of Frankenstein begins where James Whale'...
A couple and their 12-year-old son move into a ...
The Candyman, a murderous soul with a hook for ...
Sam Bowden is a small-town corporate attorney. ...
Sam Bowden witnesses a rape committed by Max Ca...
Carrie may be ostracized, but the shy teen has ...
After years of separation, Irina (Nastassja Kin...
Teenagers in a small town are dropping like fli...
Vampire Count Orlok is interested in a new resi...
Professor Paris Catalano visits Venice, to inve...
Immediately after their miscarriage, the US dip...
A man who has failed as a father and husband co...
Three petty thieves who the police believe to b...
Rose Morgan (Barbara Streisand), who still live...
In a small and conservative Scottish village, a...
A law student, who takes a job as a night watch...
The Borg, a relentless race of cyborgs, are on ...
Pianist David Helfgott, driven by his father an...
Karl Childers is a mentally disabled man who ha...
Meet Howard Langston, a salesman for a mattress...
The movie director Niccolò has just been left b...
A horrific triple child murder leads to an indi...
Good natured Reverend Henry Biggs finds that hi...
Larsen, an aspiring poet in '20s Oslo, leaves h...
To get royal backing on a needed drainage proje...
The movie is centered around the Salem Massachu...
The Live action adaptation of a Disney Classic....
Strange Deception combines a standard revenge t...
Ninon is a spirited hotel-manager who teaches s...
John McClane is an off-duty cop gripped with a ...
When a destructive space entity is spotted appr...
On the eve of retirement, Kirk and McCoy are ch...
Capt. Kirk and his crew must deal with Mr. Spoc...
Admiral James T. Kirk is feeling old; the prosp...
Admiral Kirk and his bridge crew risk their car...
Fugitives of the Federation for their daring re...
Having defeated the Joker, Batman now faces the...
A group of young gunmen, led by Billy the Kid, ...
Only three of the original five "young guns" --...
Australian good girl Sandy and greaser Danny fe...
It's 1961, two years after the original Grease ...
Just retired from the Drug Enforcement Agency, ...
In a not-too-distant future, a lethal virus swe...
Isaac Geldhart is a Holocaust survivor who, ove...
This action-packed thriller takes place on the ...
Armed with a harpoon, a Swedish whaler is out f...
An insatiable great white shark terrorizes the ...
Police chief Brody must protect the citizens of...
This third film in the series follows a group o...
They used to run the country. Now they're runni...
'We come in peace' is not what those green men ...
"Citizen Ruth" is the story of Ruth Stoops, a w...
Jerry Maguire used to be a typical sports agent...
The Coen Brothers tell the story of a absurd ye...
A minor car accident drives two rival aluminum-...
When shadowy U.S. intelligence agents blackmail...
Difficult tale of poor, struggling South Caroli...
After teenage ambulance driver Ernest Hemingway...
A leukemia patient attempts to end a 20-year fe...
An alcoholic father must take control of his wa...
Ghosts of Mississippi is a drama covering the f...
A newly elected District attorney finds himself...
Mike Judge's slacker duo, Beavis and Butt-Head,...
Sophie, a quiet and shy maid working for the up...
A killer known as Ghostface begins killing off ...
As the English and French soldiers battle for c...
Tabloid reporters are sent by their editor to i...
Continuing the story of Aurora Greenway in her ...
Hamlet, Prince of Denmark, returns home to find...
Based on the true story of the 1981 hunger stri...
Based on her acclaimed autobiographical book, T...
After two failed marriages a science fiction wr...
In the middle of the night, someone brings Ivan...
The hit musical based on the life of Evita Duar...
Ms. Isabel Archer isn't afraid to challenge soc...
Under the pretense of having a picnic, a geolog...
In August 1970, 600,000 fans flocked to the Isl...
A secretary is found dead in a White House bath...
In the final days of the pro-apartheid governme...
An emotional and thrilling tale of life and dea...
Ex-policeman Rollo Lee is sent to run Marwood Z...
Mary Beth is a marine biologist that gets annoy...
On a flight transporting dangerous convicts, mu...
Two schizophrenics meet during therapy and fall...
Jackie Chan reprises his role as Chan Ka-Kui (a...
A crook sets out to get revenge on the thugs wh...
Haru, an orphaned American who washes ashore in...
Roper, a hostage negotiator catches a murderous...
This deftly made French psychological thriller ...
Harry and Sue Lewis met in the 40s as teenagers...
After the death of her husband, the mother of J...
Volcanologist Harry Dalton comes to the sleepy ...
Wally Sparks is a tabloid TV show reporter who'...
When Andrew Sterling (Samuel L. Jackson), a suc...
A mentally ill young woman finds her love in an...
It's the true-life story of legendary track sta...
The retired life in Florida rescued, the Epstei...
                                               NaN
Retired Lieutenant Commander Quinton McHale spe...
The Czech Republic Director Jan Sverák tells in...
After a friend overdoses, Spoon and Stretch dec...
A documentary film about the exploits of the Te...
Corky St. Clair is a director, actor and dancer...
Based upon a short story by Leo Tolstoy, two Ru...
The story follows the misadventures of a New Yo...
A group of suburban teenagers try to support ea...
10 years ago at a party, Steven thinks he sees ...
Fast-talking Latino con artist Pestario "Pest" ...
Alex Whitman (Matthew Perry) is a designer from...
When Juvenal, a presumed miracle worker, appear...
A master thief coincidentally is robbing a hous...
While making his nightly rounds in the neighbor...
The Griswold family hits the road again for a t...
It was a nightmare that shocked not only New Yo...
A bride's divorced parents find their old feeli...
A tormented jazz musician finds himself lost in...
Spurred by a white woman's lie, vigilantes dest...
An FBI undercover agent infilitrates the mob an...
                                               NaN
Rushon is sexually pent-up and ready to take th...
A study in the world of hip-hop, done mostly wi...
Compilation of four short films about homoeroti...
A retired thief swears revenge on the lunatic w...
Four tuxedo clad men showing up at a penitentia...
Uptight New York City executive, Michael Cromwe...
Tara and Maya are two inseparable friends in In...
The auto-biographical story of Howard Stern, th...
Darius Lovehall is a young black poet in Chicag...
Ivan Tretiak, Russian Mafia boss who wants to c...
Smilla Jaspersen, half Danish, half Greenlander...
Set in "Barrytown", a fictitious working-class ...
After getting into a serious car accident, a TV...
Eliza D'Amico thinks her marriage to Louis is g...
Fletcher Reede is a fast-talking attorney and h...
A seven-year-old girl adopts a vow of silence i...
In this biographical drama, Selena Quintanilla ...
Frankie McGuire, one of the IRA's deadliest ass...
Danny, an ambitious singing/dancing cat, goes t...
Can two clueless Georgia homegirls with big hea...
A day in the life of two film-school students t...
The legendary Power Rangers must stop the evil ...
Anna (Marceau) is a wife and mother who has an ...
He's a one-man arsenal... with enough voltage t...
In the 1950s, brothers Jacey and Doug Holt, who...
A "National Geographic" film crew is taken host...
Martin Blank is a freelance hitman who starts t...
Richter Boudreau is on a bad streak: Languishin...
Over the years, a child's romantic ideals about...
Mafia hitman Tommy Spinelli (Joe Pesci) is flyi...
Following the break-up of his marriage after re...
Paradise Road is a 1997 film which tells the st...
A young man, Pat, visits the clan of gypsy-like...
Claude and Ellen are best friends who live in a...
Two brothers, Lex and younger Mick, are living ...
The story of Pascal Ichak, a larger-than-life F...
Two not-too-bright party girls reinvent themsel...
Set in the decadent 1920s, Temptress Moon tells...
An earthquake shatters a peaceful Los Angeles m...
A man (Richard Roxburgh) the Australian governm...
As a swingin' fashion photographer by day and a...
When his SUV breaks down on a remote Southweste...
Ivan is the fierce patriarch of a family of Cro...
Seth Warner has reached the end of his rope. Ev...
When their abusive parents are killed in a car ...
Raymond Lembecke (Vincent Gallo) is a con just ...
Gillian Anderson in her first ever screen role....
A young man, Ryan, suffering from a disability,...
After Scott has a fight with his father and run...
In 2257, a taxi driver is unintentionally given...
A young merchant marine turns up in an English ...
The third film in a trilogy by writer-director ...
An intimate and turbulent relationship develops...
Two pairs of best friends - Montel &amp; Clyde ...
East-Berlin, 1961, shortly after the erection o...
François, a young carpenter, lives a happy, unc...
Gregory invites seven friends to spend the summ...
A bored Japanese accountant sees a beautiful wo...
In this exciting live-action adventure, young M...
Jeremy and Julian Lewis, the "Lewis Twins", are...
Good-natured astronomer Sam is devastated when ...
A small Yorkshire mining town is threatened wit...
Jack and Judy are husband and wife, and Howard ...
Four years after Jurassic Park's genetically br...
A four-year-old girl must come to terms with th...
Fletcher Munson is a lethargic, passive worker ...
An abused beagle runs away from his owner. On t...
Jeremy Collier is a Vietnam veteran who has ret...
A sleazy politician sends an agent (Russell Cro...
An actor poses as a lawyer to help his sick fri...
An eccentric socialite raises a gorilla as her ...
When the government puts all its rotten crimina...
High School basketball coach, Dinah Groshardt, ...
As a young girl in Japan, Nagiko's father paint...
Alice, fired from her job on an assembly line, ...
Sandra Bullock and Jason Patric star as a young...
Ty, Hector, and Bao are close friends in a toug...
Donna witnesses identical murders on the same s...
                     Backstage at a Broadway show.
Micki, Tanya and Jasmine have 24 hours to get d...
Along with crime-fighting partner Robin and new...
Terry is a suicidal voyeur who treats a dying a...
Roseanna is dying of a heart condition, and all...
Judge George (Harvey Keitel) brings his young w...
Bestowed with superhuman strength, a young mort...
Neal Cassady is living the beat life during the...
Mildred and Doris are two middle-aged white wom...
When she receives word that her longtime platon...
Tetsuo II: Body Hammer is a 1992 Japanese scien...
When Chloe (Garance Clavel), a young Parisian, ...
Screenwriter Paul Javal's marriage to his wife ...
An antiterrorism agent goes under the knife to ...
Writer/director Eric Schaeffer (If Lucy Fell) a...
An elderly couple go about their routine of cle...
Mondo is a homeless young boy, with a big smile...
Inspired by the 1982 Roberto Calvi Affair in wh...
For Ever Mozart is an episodic film that follow...
Men in Black follows the exploits of agents Kay...
Care-free Charlie (Walter Matthau) cons his wid...
Three brothers - Marshall, Marty and Mark dream...
Murray is a male fairy godmother, and he is try...
Contact is a science fiction film about an enco...
Ken Sherry, a radio personality from Brisbane, ...
A female Senator succeeds in enrolling a woman ...
A film adaptation of the classic sword and sorc...
Baby George got into a plane crash in a jungle,...
Freddy Heflin is the sheriff of a place everyon...
In the year 2047 a group of astronauts are sent...
After being murdered by corrupt colleagues in a...
A young boy and a talented stray dog with an am...
A young advertising executive's life becomes in...
Two business executives--one an avowed misogyni...
Willy the whale is back, this time threatened b...
Two young women reunite and rekindle their frie...
A man obsessed with conspiracy theories becomes...
San Francisco police officer Frank Connor is in...
Justice. Safe streets. Payback. Metallurgist Jo...
Maureen is pregnant and her husband Eddie is mi...
In 1934, the second most lucrative business in ...
Cleavers are an all-American family living in O...
A disease carried by common cockroaches is kill...
Money Talks is a 1997 American comedy film dire...
A rich brat (Alicia Silverstone) fakes her own ...
A barbarian named Kull becomes ruler after defe...
Russian terrorists conspire to hijack the aircr...
After surviving a stabbing by a student, teache...
A new Soviet nuclear missile sub (a Boomer) hea...
In this loose adaptation of Shakespeare's "Henr...
When he discovers his girlfriend having sex wit...
Carlos wants to be an actor. But his father, Pe...
A midwestern teacher questions his sexuality af...
The plane carrying wealthy Charles Morse crashe...
When a train carrying atomic warheads mysteriou...
Three detectives in the corrupt and brutal L.A....
Austrian mountaineer, Heinrich Harrer journeys ...
Forensic psychologist Alex Cross travels to Nor...
Traditional Sunday dinners at Mama Joe's (Irma ...
Redmond is a young guy who can't find what to d...
The Djinn having been released from his ancient...
A THOUSAND ACRES is a drama about an American f...
In honor of his birthday, San Francisco banker ...
Martial arts star Steven Seagal stars in this a...
When Bobby's car breaks down in the desert whil...
A drifter enters a small town looking for emplo...
Marcy, a worker in the reelection campaign of b...
Jack Shaw (DONALD SUTHERLAND) has experienced t...
A comedy about a couple who cannot conceive a baby
An elderly beekeeper and Vietnam vet must rescu...
In the weekend after thanksgiving 1973 the Hood...
Victor Mallick returned to his home and found o...
Holden and Banky are comic book artists. Everyt...
Dray is a young playboy whose only objective in...
Sheffield, England. Gaz, a jobless steelworker ...
A passionately committed young dancer is forced...
Queen Victoria is deeply depressed after the de...
As they celebrate their high school graduation,...
A hotshot lawyer gets more than he bargained fo...
Fred Z. Randall is geeky and obnoxious spacecra...
Stripped of his medical license after performin...
Jackie-O is anxiously awaiting the visit of her...
Hilarious, sad, absurd, eerie and beautiful, "F...
Set in 1870's New York, a spinster heiress is c...
Karchy (Brad Renfro) is a boy in school who has...
Indie director Jim Jarmusch lenses a low-tech t...
Science fiction drama about a future society in...
Two children in 1917 take a photograph, believe...
In the peaceful town of Snowfield, Colorado som...
The film tells the story of Russian emigree and...
Welcome to Levittown, New York - America's firs...
A couple of angels, O'Reilly and Jackson, are s...
Marcus is a kid on Manhattan's mean streets. He...
The story is set in 1962 Louisiana. The big Bat...
FBI agent Dennis Quaid tries to catch a serial ...
Two corrupt cops have a successful, seemingly p...
John Winger, an indolent sad sack in his 30s, i...
Teenage siblings Nenette and Boni were raised a...
Bean works as a caretaker at Britain's formidab...
Hugo Pool is a quirky tale of a Los Angeles poo...
A misguided museum guard who loses his job and ...
In Los Angeles, Max Carlyle makes a good living...
On a trip to Paris Sally meets Pablo, a tango d...
Follow a group of international journalists int...
The gruesome death of a prostitute brings suspi...
When Rudy Baylor (Matt Damon), a young attorney...
Set in 1977, back when sex was safe, pleasure w...
A sheltered Amish child is the sole witness of ...
Harry Donovan is an art forger who paints fake ...
Set in the future, the story follows a young so...
Werner Ernst is a young hospital resident who b...
Through a series of flashbacks, four young chin...
     A surfer becomes the head of a major company.
Gwyneth Paltrow plays London publicist Helen, e...
A group of heroic warriors has only six days to...
Truman Burbank is the star of "The Truman Show"...
Kate is secretly betrothed to a struggling jour...
As society hostess Clarissa Dalloway prepares f...
School student and her European-born grandmothe...
An American attorney on business in China, ends...
Hired by a powerful member of the Russian mafia...
This animated adventure retells the story of th...
An American gets a ticket for an audience parti...
Two hundred years after Lt. Ripley died, a grou...
                                No overview found.
In 1839, the slave ship Amistad set sail from C...
After his happy life spins out of control, a pr...
Artemisia Gentileschi (1593-1653) was one of th...
Max is a handsome young man who, after a fatefu...
A young woman in L.A. is having a bad day: she'...
Every Monday night The Boys put on skates and l...
Francie and Joe live the usual playful, fantasy...
This film tells the story of a successful write...
Professor Phillip Brainard, an absent minded pr...
Brad Sexton and his wife, Caroline, are wealthy...
Will Hunting has a genius-level IQ but chooses ...
A young, female filmmaker looks through her cam...
                       Directed by Goetz Grossmann
9-year-old Alex Pruitt is home alone with the c...
WEST AFRICA 1869 - Slave trade is illegal. Ther...
After suspecting her husband is playing the fie...
A visiting city reporter's assignment suddenly ...
Down-on-their luck brothers, Lars and Ernie Smu...
                           Film from Stephen Kijak
When Dorine Douglas' job as proofreader for Con...
Truman Capote's semi-autobiographical first nov...
Two years after the terrifying events that occu...
A botched diamond burglary and a dead publishin...
A small mountain community in Canada is devasta...
When the discovery of a five-thousand year old ...
84 years later, a 101-year-old woman named Rose...
A deranged media mogul is staging international...
This retelling of Charles Dickens's Oliver Twis...
A brief extract of four kids' lives somewhere i...
Little Tree is an 8-year-old Cherokee boy, who,...
In 2013 there are no highways, no I-ways, no dr...
Based on the novel by the same name from Nichol...
The plot of the story is interactions between t...
Jackie Brown is a flight attendant who gets cau...
The Tibetans refer to the Dalai Lama as 'Kundun...
Mr.Magoo, a man with terrible eyesight, gets ca...
Jeffrey "The Dude" Lebowski, a Los Angeles slac...
A handyman with marital problems meets a housew...
Ludovic is a small boy who cross-dresses and ge...
Loosely based on the Charles Dickens' classic n...
Three young boys, Rocky, Colt and Tum Tum toget...
In a world where two men in close proximity wil...
Daryl gets out of jail after 5 years. His mothe...
A true story of four Jewish intellectuals born ...
Firefighter Jesse Graves has to save ornitholog...
A student gets his senses enhanced by an experi...
During the final weeks of a presidential race, ...
A man struggles with memories of his past, incl...
Successful playwright Felix Webb has a new play...
Shy seventh-grader Spencer Griffith's life chan...
Get swept up in the action as an armored car dr...
Three lovable party buds try to bail their frie...
Homicide detective John Hobbes witnesses the ex...
Two con artists (Dan Futterman, Stuart Townsend...
Gabriel returns to try to destroy the human rac...
A disillusioned killer embarks on his last hit ...
Fernando, a journalist, and his friend César jo...
The film follows the Spice Girls and their ento...
A group of heavily armed hijackers board a luxu...
A sarcastic comedy thriller about a vampire who...
A psychological thriller that takes you through...
Music From Another Room is a romantic comedy th...
A slow and poignant story of love and patience ...
Hired assassin John Lee is asked by Chinatown c...
When wistful introvert Alan Furnace meets quick...
Two investigative reporters for a tabloid magaz...
Elwood, the now lone "Blues Brother" finally re...
A businessman, Tsuda, runs into a childhood fri...
A group of young people leave Harlem for a bus ...
Robbie, a local rock star turned wedding singer...
The OSSA discovers a spacecraft thought to be a...
Ayn Rand was born in 1905 in St. Petersberg, Ru...
Dowd, an IRA prisoner in the H-blocks, is gloom...
Best friends Adam and Kevin have a lot in commo...
A recently released ex-con gets involved in a f...
New York City. Melvin Udall, a cranky, bigoted,...
A former drug lord returns from prison determin...
This is a very clear and personalized presentat...
Three losers, Eddie, Lucas and Mamet, are sent ...
A retired ex-cop and private detective gets mix...
U.S. Marshal Sam Gerard is accompanying a plane...
A con artist escapes a deal gone wrong in New Y...
Giles De'Ath is a widower who doesn't like anyt...
Heated tempers, frustrated desires and dashed h...
Three pro surfers - gifted Shane, once-great Mi...
An international team of climbers ascends Mt. E...
Jackson and Helen are in love and about to have...
Christopher Walken shines in this cult-favorite...
Years have passed since the Three Musketeers, A...
Four Newton brothers are a poor farmer family i...
When teen-socialite Kelly Van Ryan (Richards) a...
Paulie, an intelligent parrot who actually talk...
A single father balances his work as an attorne...
A police officer leaves the force in the face o...
In this adaptation of the best-selling roman à ...
"Niagra, Niagra" begins quietly in a drugstore ...
A feel-good comedy about the laughter, exciteme...
About a young woman who is married to a devout ...
Story of a New England boys' school and of one ...
Two women confront their boyfriend, a two-timin...
Charlie returns to his old town where he meets ...
Live performance by Robyn Hitchcock, in... well...
Father Michael McKinnon goes from the UK to Bos...
A pregnant New York social worker begins to dev...
Two surfers end up as Yellowstone park rangers ...
Three laborers on a Northern California marijua...
Young single mother Diana struggles to provide ...
Mom and dad dump son Cody, daughter Abby, her b...
The Big One is an investigative documentary fro...
The story of Hong Kong, from New Year's Day to ...
The prospects for continuing life on Earth in t...
In Sydney, the newly married Midori is honeymoo...
Renegade FBI agent Art Jeffries protects a nine...
An employee of a corporation with a lucrative s...
When guardian angel Seth -- who invisibly watch...
Two young women and their friends spend spare t...
30 years after the first film, Oscar and Felix ...
Billy Crystal plays a Hollywood agent who stumb...
A basketball player's father must try to convin...
Savannah lawyer Rick Magruder is at a party cel...
Dante and his girlfrend Micky run a very profit...
Five 2nd-grade kids who don't follow strict rul...
A scorned ex-convict forces himself into the li...
Daryl Zero is a private investigator. Along wit...
The family of Raymond, his wife Val and her bro...
Having missed several deadlines, and with the s...
The four-inch-tall Clock family secretly share ...
An Arthurian legend of young Prince Valiant, so...
The story of a 25 year old virgin girl, looking...
Kyle is 18, an aspiring poet hoping to find ins...
Two romantically involved down-and-out lounge s...
Filmmaker Alan Smithee finds himself the unwill...
Max (David Schwimmer), an alpha-male commitment...
After squandering his grant money, despondent a...
After rocker Kurt Cobain's death, ruled a suici...
An aspiring actor (Matthew Modine) and his girl...
A Chinese chef accidentally gets involved with ...
A middle-aged Tehranian man, Mr. Badii is inten...
J.W. Katadreuffe is the son of Joba Katadreuffe...
Dimwitted, somewhat misanthropic Oslo mail carr...
Having just returned from a mission to Mars, Co...
At the behest of Roger Dorn -- the Minnesota Tw...
Richie, a sneaker sole designer, and his cousin...
Wild Man Blues is a 1998 documentary film direc...
Affable hit man Melvin Smiley is constantly bei...
Tarzan returns to his homeland of Africa to sav...
An ex-con takes a job driving a truck cross cou...
Four guys, best friends, have grown up together...
Tolla is an unemployed translator whose wife is...
Nick, is a young Scottish soccer player living ...
Jean Valjean, a Frenchman imprisoned for steali...
Two lost souls: she a con-artist in L.A.; he a ...
Iris can best be described as a wallflower. She...
A seven-mile-wide space rock is hurtling toward...
In this adaptation of the classic novel by Loui...
Gorgeous and extraverted Woo meets insecure and...
William, a once obese and troubled teen, goes b...
In the affluent, gated community of Camelot Gar...
During the times of King Arthur, Kayley is a br...
When a freighter is viciously attacked in the P...
A suicidally disillusioned liberal politician p...
The hallucinogenic misadventures of sportswrite...
A 16-year-old girl visits her gay half-brother ...
Two broke buddies feel lucky when they come upo...
Two hapless explorers lead an ill-fated 1804 ex...
Birdee Pruitt has been humiliated on live telev...
Detectives Jonas and Erik are called to the mid...
Living in rural Texas is a dysfunctional family...
A female psychologist wants to understand the m...
Millionaire industrialist Steven Taylor is a ma...
Beyond Silence is about a family and a young gi...
When Quinn, a grouchy pilot living the good lif...
It's graduation day at Huntington Hills High, a...
Cousin Bette is a poor and lonely seamstress, w...
A young female intern at a small magazine compa...
During World War II, the organisation "The Wome...
Young French officer Augustin Robert escorts ar...
Zohre's shoes are gone; her older brother Ali l...
In 1996, at age 30, native son Tim Kirkman retu...
A girl with insomnia who works in a coffee hous...
Lee Plenty is an almost broke would-be novelist...
An egocentric bum transforms the lives of a shy...
A random montage of disturbing images tell a st...
After his first date at age 15 ended with the g...
A tomboyish girl disguises herself as a young m...
Belfast, in 1970s. Victor Kelly is a young prot...
Mulder and Scully, now taken off the FBI's X Fi...
Fresh out of prison, Git rescues a former best ...
A successful physician and devoted family man, ...
Meet Jack Foley, a smooth criminal who bends th...
In the early 1900s, Miranda attends a girls boa...
Young Indian man Thomas is a nerd in his reserv...
Manoel is aging film director who travels with ...
Billy is released after five years in prison. I...
When an asteroid threatens to collide with Eart...
In the combustible action franchise's final ins...
In an old house in Paris, that was covered in v...
When missile technology is used to enhance toy ...
The debut film from Darren Aronofsky in which a...
A teen faces her impending adulthood in the car...
Having never fully recovered from a prom date t...
In California, an old man (Bela Lugosi) grieves...
Two young men, one rich, one middle class, both...
Harriet and Queenie Mahoney, a vaudeville act, ...
A young soldier faces profound disillusionment ...
When the government opens up the Oklahoma terri...
Guests at a posh Berlin hotel struggle through ...
A cavalcade of English life from New Year's Eve...
Fletcher Christian successfully leads a revolt ...
Lavish biography of Flo Ziegfeld, the producer ...
                    Bio epic of the famous writer.
Alice, the only relatively normal member of the...
At the turn of the century in a Welsh mining vi...
The Minivers, an English "middle-class" family ...
Youthful Father Chuck O'Malley (Bing Crosby) le...
Don Birnam, a long-time alcoholic, has been sob...
It's the hope that sustains the spirit of every...
A magazine writer poses as a Jew to expose anti...
Winner of four Academy Awards, including Best P...
All The King's Men is the story of the rise of ...
To ensure a full profitable season, circus mana...
In 1941 Hawaii, a private is cruelly punished f...
Terry Malloy dreams about being a prize fighter...
Marty, a butcher who lives in the Bronx with hi...
In the slums of the upper West Side of Manhatta...
Tom loves Sophie and Sophie loves Tom. But Tom ...
A Man for All Seasons is the filmed version of ...
An African American detective is asked to inves...
Musical adaptation of Charles Dickens' Oliver T...
A naive male prostitute and his sickly friend s...
Tough narcotics detective 'Popeye' Doyle is in ...
When world heavyweight boxing champion, Apollo ...
Ted Kramer is a career man for whom his work co...
Beth, Calvin, and their son Conrad are living i...
The true story of British athletes preparing fo...
Aurora and Emma are mother and daughter who mar...
Out of Africa tells the story of the life of Da...
A dramatic history of Pu Yi, the last of the Em...
Selfish yuppie Charlie Babbitt's father left a ...
The story of an old Jewish widow named Daisy We...
The life and times of Virgil Starkwell, inept b...
This acclaimed thriller stars Jane Fonda as Bre...
A down and out young punk gets a job working wi...
A sparkling comedic chronicle of a middle-class...
Frustrated with babysitting on yet another week...
Five high school students, all different stereo...
A new family moves into the house on Elm Street...
It's been many years since Freddy Krueger's fir...
Dream demon Freddy Krueger is resurrected from ...
Alice, having survived the previous installment...
Just when you thought it was safe to sleep, Fre...
Camp counselors are stalked and murdered by an ...
Five years after the horrible bloodbath at Camp...
An idyllic summer turns into a nightmare of uns...
After the Crystal Lake Massacres, Jason is pron...
Homicidal maniac Jason returns from the grave t...
As a child, Tommy killed mass-murderer Jason. B...
Tina possesses the gift of telekinesis, allowin...
The Big Apple's in big trouble, as indestructib...
In John Carpenter's horror classic, a psychotic...
After failing to kill stubborn survivor Laurie ...
Dr. Daniel Challis and Ellie Grimbridge stumble...
The legend of that creepy masked-man, Michael M...
Presumed dead after a shoot-out with the Haddon...
This slasher movie follows a relentless killer ...
When Hamilton High's Prom Queen of 1957, Mary L...
Mary Lou, the prom queen burned to death by her...
Carrying on the Prom Night tradition, this film...
A single mother gives her son a beloved doll fo...
Chuckie's back as the doll possessed by the sou...
It's been eight years since the events in the s...
Steve Freeling lives with his wife, Diane, and ...
The Freeling family move in with Diane's mother...
Carol Anne has been sent to live with her Aunt ...
12-year-old Regan MacNeil begins to adapt an ex...
Bizarre nightmares plague Regan MacNeil four ye...
Set fifteen years after the original film, The ...
Veteran buttoned-down LAPD detective Roger Murt...
In the opening chase, Martin Riggs and Roger Mu...
Archetypal buddy cops Riggs and Murtaugh are ba...
When Billy Peltzer is given a strange but adora...
Young sweethearts Billy and Kate move to the Bi...
A young teenager named Mikey Walsh finds an old...
It has been twenty years since Don Diego de la ...
The film centers on a big Polish family. Jadzia...
Marty Lakewood is a reporter forced to leave Ch...
In an overpopulated futuristic Earth, a New Yor...
In a futuristic city sharply divided between th...
Marty and Doc are at it again in this wacky seq...
The final installment of the Back to the Future...
The Poseidon Adventure was one of the first Cat...
School girl Annabel is hassled by her mother, a...
Hailed as one of Walt Disney's most hilarious c...
Amos and Theodore, the two bumbling outlaw wann...
All roads lead to magical, merry Toyland as Mar...
Bambi's tale unfolds from season to season as t...
A samurai answers a village's request for prote...
Dangerous Liaisons is the film based on the nov...
In the year 10,191, the world is at war for con...
Jesus, a humble Judean carpenter beginning to s...
In the midst of trying to legitimize his busine...
A lonely telephone operator leading an empty, a...
Urbane professor Humbert Humbert marries a New ...
Steve Clark (James Marsden) is a newcomer in th...
Takeoff on the Godfather with the son of a mafi...
As U.S. troops storm the beaches of Normandy, t...
Billy, a struggling young gay photographer (who...
In China, homosexuality isn't illegal, but homo...
Professor Dooley takes home a duck from his res...
In the great Disney tradition of wild family fu...
Taran is an assistant pigkeeper with boyish dre...
The explorer craft U.S.S. Palomino is returning...
Peter Ustinov stars as the eponymous wraith, wh...
Bullied by his siblings and nagged by his paren...
Candleshoe is a 1977 Walt Disney Productions li...
A UFO is stranded on earth and impounded by the...
An American boy and girl, spending six months i...
Some college students manage to persuade the to...
Comic artist and writer Woody performs a simple...
After Gordon Bombay's hockey comeback is cut sh...
Take a wee bit of ancient folklore, mix in some...
When Max dies in an accident, he goes straight ...
Thrown together under incredible circumstances,...
This 1986 Disney adventure tells the story of 1...
An eccentric millionaire and his grandchildren ...
When the diabolical Professor Ratigan kidnaps L...
A happy and unbelievably lucky young Irish immi...
The adorable little VW helps its owners break u...
Herbie, the Volkswagen Beetle with a mind of it...
After 300 years of slumber, three sister witche...
Wayne Szalinski is at it again. But instead of ...
The scientist father of a teenage girl and boy ...
Twin brothers -- one rough and tough, the other...
In Search of the Castaways is a 1962 Walt Disne...
The story of three pets, a cat and two dogs, wh...
The police try to arrest expert hostage negotia...
Hallie Parker and Annie James are identical twi...
Two losers from Milwaukee, Coop &amp; Remer, in...
A documentary about the production of From Dusk...
When the father of privileged Rosina da Silva v...
A bored, sexually frustrated woman's life impro...
A documentary about the closure of General Moto...
Cecilia is a waitress in New Jersey, living a d...
Jeff Bailey seems to be a mundane gas station o...
Doctor Zhivago is the filmed adapation of the R...
Through the eyes of ten-year-old Alexander, we ...
Carrie Watts is living the twilight of her life...
Alchoholic former country singer Mac Sledge mak...
The story of the discovery of the AIDS epidemic...
When secretive new neighbors move in next door,...
Five college buddies from the University of Tex...
In this unsettling drama from Italian filmmaker...
A German stage actor finds unexpected success a...
The discovery of a severed human ear found in a...
America is in the depths of the Great Depressio...
The boy Mowgli makes his way to the man-village...
Kidnapped and cheated out of his inheritance, y...
Lady, a golden cocker spaniel, meets up with a ...
This colorful adventure tells the story of an i...
After reckless young lawyer Gordon Bombay gets ...
A retelling of the classic Dickens tale of Eben...
A week in the life of the exploited, child news...
When a litter of dalmatian puppies are abducted...
Ginny Grainger, a young mother, rediscovers the...
Leaving the safety of their nursery behind, Wen...
Popeye is a super-strong, spinach-scarfing sail...
A lawless poacher wants to capture a majestic a...
What can two little mice possibly do to save an...
In this sequal to "Escape From Witch Mountain,"...
The evil Jafar escapes from the magic lamp as a...
Dorothy, saved from a psychiatric experiment by...
Straight from the pages of a pulp comic from a ...
Wilby Daniels, a successful lawyer running for ...
A beautiful princess born in a faraway kingdom ...
In a small American town, a diabolical circus a...
Medfield's lovable but hopelessly absent-minded...
Uncle Remus draws upon his tales of Brer Rabbit...
A successful businessman falls in love with the...
Squanto is a high-born Indian warrior from a tr...
Mickey Mouse, piloting a steamboat, delights hi...
A young boy draws on the inspiration of legenda...
Coming-of-age adventure about two teenage broth...
As Kevin Flynn searches for proof that he inven...
The story of a close-knit group of young kids i...
Two decades after surviving a massacre on Octob...
With the help of a talking freeway billboard, a...
After discovering he's not really black like th...
Juliet Forrest is convinced that the reported d...
A story about a brain surgeon who tries to end ...
Grand Canyon revolved around six residents from...
John Hall is a drifter who wanders into a small...
When two poor greasers, Johnny, and Ponyboy are...
After arriving in India, Indiana Jones is asked...
The Fellowship of the Ring embark on a journey ...
George Orwell's novel of a totalitarian future ...
Johnny Smith is a schoolteacher with his whole ...
When a comet passes close to the earth, machine...
The devil in disguise comes to a quiet, peacefu...
A friendly St. Bernard named "Cujo" contracts r...
A boy preacher named Isaac goes to a town in Ne...
When a casino owning dog named Charlie is murde...
Uncle Fester has been missing for 25 years. An ...
A unique 16th century woman, Danielle possesses...
All bets are off when corrupt homicide cop Rick...
Joey and Sissel are two misfits spending most o...
Two untalented singers are mistaken for a pair ...
Four men from a nomadic Tibetan tribe undertake...
Lou (Burt Lancaster), a small time gangster who...
After a seven-year absence, Charlotte Andergast...
Mike Nichols’ film from Edward Albee's play bro...
When plans with her boyfriend fall through, hig...
Two unpopular teenagers, Gary and Wyatt, fail a...
Get ready for the wildest adventure of a lifeti...
Jerry Lewis directed, co-wrote and starred in t...
Wilbur the pig is scared of the end of the seas...
When the warren belonging to a community of rab...
A widowed field mouse must move her family -- i...
On another planet in the distant past, a Gelfli...
A young mouse named Fievel and his family decid...
Some time after the Mousekewitz's have settled ...
Set in a timeless mythical forest inhabited by ...
A teenage girls deals with her parents forgetti...
Andie is an outcast, hanging out either with he...
Seven friends - Alec, Billy, Jules, Kevin, Kirb...
Natural changes have the clans moving. Iza, med...
Roger Cobb is a author who has just separated f...
Young urban professionals Jesse (Arye Gross) an...
Misery is brought to a small group of Sho in th...
Xixo is back again. This time, his children acc...
Josh and Buddy move from basketball to American...
British Ministry agent John Steed, under direct...
Through good times and bad, Stella and Delilah ...
In 1976, a lower-middle-class teenager struggle...
Incredibly, the bride at the altar falls in lov...
Horty, a French foundry worker, wins a contest ...
Henry has wandered into a small town looking fo...
Henry likes to kill people, in different ways e...
A young couple moves into an infamous New York ...
While hiding from bullies in his school's attic...
Once again, Bastian is transported to the world...
Attack of the Killer Tomatoes is a 1978 comedy ...
When the grandson of a gun wielding woman is mu...
This adult comedy follows six characters, three...
Lewis, Sheriff and Tony are three friends vacat...
When Blade's mother was bitten by a vampire dur...
Young Cuban Rafael just buried his mother, and ...
Josh Miller (Tom Everett Scott) is a studious a...
Ryan Harrison, a violin god, superstar and sex ...
A lighthearted story about a man and a woman wh...
If there's one thing this wild group of friends...
In the 14th century a village seeking escape fr...
Thanks to an untimely demise via drowning, a yo...
L.A. shop owner Dana and Englishman Sean meet a...
Two young men strangle their "inferior" classma...
Lighthearted suspense film about a phony psychi...
A serial murderer is strangling women with a ne...
A French intelligence agent becomes embroiled i...
An American scientist publicly defects to East ...
Marnie is a beautiful kleptomaniac who is in lo...
True story of an innocent man mistaken for a cr...
A widescreen, Technicolor remake by Hitchcock o...
Trouble erupts in a small, quiet New England to...
Unable, due to the seal of the confessional, to...
A psychotic socialite confronts a pro tennis st...
A struggling actress tries to help a friend pro...
Shane, a Jersey boy with big dreams, crosses th...
A newlywed develops a strange lump on his neck ...
In the mid-80s, three women (each with an attor...
Gordon Comstock is a copywriter at an ad agency...
Sasha, a young British woman, is living with he...
Fearful of a prophecy stating that a girl child...
Young Treasury Agent Elliot Ness arrives in Chi...
Unemployed and recently dumped, Mitch and his b...
Marcus Ray (Jean-Claude Van Damme), a sales rep...
Firelight is a period romance/drama film writte...
Less a documentary than a primer on all electro...
Gambling fever -- along with a brutal bookie --...
In 1831, Irishman Charles Adare travels to Aust...
The beautiful Mrs. Paradine is accused of poiso...
During World War II, a small group of survivors...
A bored young woman, a teen living in Santa Ros...
Aircraft factory worker Barry Kane goes on the ...
Ann (Carole Lombard) and David Smith (Robert Mo...
Wealthy, sheltered Joan Fontaine is swept off h...
In coastal Cornwall, England, during the early ...
On a train headed for England a group of travel...
Derrick De Marney finds himself in a 39 Steps s...
A Scotland Yard undercover detective is on the ...
After three British agents are assigned to assa...
A man and his wife receive a clue to an imminen...
The story of Johann Strauss the elder and younger.
A gang of thieves gather at a safe house follow...
A couple, Fred (Henry Kendall) and Emily Hill (...
An old traditional family and a modern family b...
A series of 19 musical and comedy "vaudeville" ...
During the Irish revolution, a family earns a b...
When a woman is convicted of murder, one of the...
A fisherman and a rising lawyer who grew up as ...
Alice's boyfriend Frank is a Scotland Yard dete...
Betty, rebellious daughter of a millionaire, de...
As her surroundings are invaded by outsiders, T...
After public school student Roddy Berwick takes...
Larita Filton is named as correspondent in a sc...
Both Jack Sander and Bob Corby are boxers in lo...
A London landlady suspects her mysterious new l...
Patsy Brand is a chorus girl at the Pleasure Ga...
A young man is a reformed gambler who must retu...
Seven strangers are taken out of their daily li...
Harriet, a ten-year old girl, lives together wi...
  Woman interviews her friends, talking about sex.
One Man's Hero tells the little-known story of ...
Simon Birch tells the story of Joe and Simon's ...
The film follows the life of famous 1970s runne...
Nominated for four Academy Awards including Bes...
Stranded and alone on a desert island during a ...
Clifford Peach (Chris Makepeace), an easygoing ...
Naive Midwestern prep student Jonathan bonds wi...
Life in the small town of Grandview, Illinois i...
Basket-case network news producer Jane Craig fa...
Molly (Hoffs), Val (Pfeiffer) and Gina (Cusack)...
Witty, romantic look at life in the corporate j...
Henderson Dores (Daniel Day Lewis), a New York ...
Angela de Marco is fed up with her gangster hus...
A budding romance between noble underachiever L...
FBI agent Barney Coopersmith is assigned to pro...
After her husband John dies unexpectedly, Beth ...
                                               NaN
Bernie Laplante is having a rough time. He's di...
Leslie Zevo is a fun-loving inventor who must s...
A popular high school student seems to have it ...
An "Airplane!"-style spoof of hospital soap ope...
Paul Dean has created a deadly parasite that is...
The 16 years old amateur photographer Charles a...
Matthew Hollis is man on holiday in Rio with hi...
Unable to find work after a past felony, gradua...
An aspiring teenage cartoonist and his friends ...
A man and woman meet and try to have a romantic...
Abby is a pregnant woman with a curious new boa...
Two escaped cons only prayer to escape is to pa...
While attempting to seduce gorgeous lawyer Dian...
A clairvoyant woman thinks that she's met her f...
A loathsome man ends up dead, but it's not clea...
When cocky military lawyer Lt. Daniel Kaffee an...
Robert Redford stars as billionaire John Gage, ...
Ben Stiller plays comedy writer Jerry Stahl, wh...
A career woman reassesses her parents' lives af...
When Hong Kong Inspector Lee is summoned to Los...
For forty years Lilian Singer has been locked u...
In a post-apocalyptic world where the Russians ...
This fictionalized story, based on the family l...
The film portrays life of New York City's Lower...
A briefcase with undisclosed contents – sought ...
There's a campus killer on the loose who's maki...
Clay is a young man in a small town who witness...
Bobby O'Grady a low level member of a Boston Ir...
A Baltimore sandwich shop employee becomes an o...
An American couple (John Malkovich, Debra Winge...
Born a lower-caste girl in rural India's patria...
The film is a caustic portrait of a traditional...
Fu Manchu's 168th birthday celebration is dampe...
Nuclear tests in the desert result in the growt...
Scientists in the Antarctic are confronted by a...
A Hollywood studio executive is being sent deat...
While attending a retrospect of his work, a fil...
A small suburban town receives a visit from a c...
A man suspects his girlfriend of being unfaithf...
In 1935, 99-year-old former slave Shadrach asks...
In this animated hit, a neurotic worker ant in ...
In an attempt to resurrect the slapstick comedy...
Despite being well into adulthood, brothers Dou...
Chris Neilson dies to find himself in a heaven ...
A pierced and tattooed sadist, Captain Howdy, t...
Angela Barrows is a man-eating business woman s...
Broadway producer, Max Bialystock and his accou...
An uproarious version of history that proves no...
Two carefree pals traveling through Alabama are...
This movie tells the intersecting stories of va...
Biography of the British painter Francis Bacon....
Slam tells the story of Ray Joshua, an original...
Eddie Murphy stars as an over-the-top televisio...
                                               NaN
After a fundraiser for a black politician is ro...
In a small farming valley in Austria in the beg...
This tells the story of a strong friendship bet...
This is a sequel to 2001 A Space Odyssey. It is...
James is a new speech teacher at a school for t...
A Victorian surgeon rescues a heavily disfigure...
After Paul D. finds his old slave friend Sethe ...
Chucky hooks up with another murderous doll, th...
Sally and Gillian Owens, born into a magical fa...
Young Tommy Hudler decides to become a security...
The lives of many individuals connected by the ...
A small town troublemaker (Alessandro Nivola), ...
Neighborhood boy Todd Bowden discovers that an ...
Geeky teenager David and his popular twin siste...
Sergeant Todd is a veteran soldier for an elite...
Affectionate portrait of Tim "Speed" Levitch, a...
A touching story of an Italian book seller of J...
Joe Young is a devout Mormon living in L.A. try...
Confusing realities surface in this paranoid fi...
The first segment features an animated mummy st...
The church enlists a team of vampire-hunters to...
Derek Vineyard is paroled after serving 3 years...
Hands on a Hard Body: The Documentary is a 1997...
Dramatic comedy about two unlikely people who f...
Tommy Brown and Sincere are best friends as wel...
It's 1957, and Whale's heyday as the director o...
The secret US abduction of a suspected terroris...
Bobby Boucher is a water boy for a struggling c...
The story of the ascension to the throne and th...
Almost a decade has elapsed since Bowiesque gla...
Unfinished business with coed Julie James bring...
Estranged from his father, college student Jake...
When the grim reaper comes to collect the soul ...
Five unmarried sisters make the most of their s...
Bruce Macdonald follows punk bank Hard Core Log...
                                No overview found.
A hardened convict and a younger prisoner escap...
The story involves Rose Chismore's youth. She f...
The urban aspirant photographer Joanna Eberhart...
Charlie and his troublesome cousin Paulie decid...
Following their breakout success in England, fl...
George has just been released from prison, and ...
A bigoted policeman is given the heart of a sla...
Rome, 1957. A woman, Cabiria, is robbed and lef...
Kevin Kline and Glenn Close star as Harold and ...
Hotshot Washington lawyer, Robert Dean becomes ...
Tommy faces responsibility when Dil, his new ba...
On behalf of "oppressed bugs everywhere," an in...
The career and personal life of writer Lee are ...
An emotive journey of a former school teacher, ...
A hardened mercenary in the Foreign Legion begi...
When a lottery winner dies of shock, his fellow...
A grandiose party to celebrate a sixtieth birth...
Notorious Baltimore criminal and underground fi...
A psychiatrist tells two stories: one of a tran...
Japan is thrown into a panic after several ship...
Originally released in Japan as "The Return of ...
After a 7 year hiatus, Godzilla returned to the...
An adventure film about a film crew in search o...
In this remake of the 1933 classic about the gi...
Kong falls from the twin towers and he appears ...
Roberta is a bored suburban housewife who is fa...
For ten years, engineer Bill Markham has search...
A veritable chameleon, investigative reporter I...
Fletch is a fish out of water in small-town Lou...
The tyrant Gedren seeks the total power in a wo...
When a western Pennsylvania auto plant is acqui...
After being evicted from their Manhattan apartm...
A newly developed microchip designed by Zorin I...
A space shuttle mission investigating Halley's ...
New rules enforced by the Lady Mayoress mean th...
Officer Carey Mahoney and his cohorts have fina...
When police funding is cut, the Governor announ...
A new batch of recruits arrives at Police Acade...
The Police Academy misfits travel to Miami, Flo...
Our favourite police men are called together to...
Babe, fresh from his victory in the sheepherdin...
Dorian and Angus chase down their womanizing st...
Jerry Springer stars as more or less himself, t...
Kyle Fisher has one last night to celebrate lif...
Francesco and Marta run a husband-and-wife desi...
Criminal on the run, Marion Crane takes refuge ...
After the death of her father, Little Voice or ...
Captivated by the lure of sudden wealth, the qu...
A father, who can't keep his promises, dies in ...
When an alien race and factions within Starflee...
This is the extraordinary tale of two brothers ...
When a beautiful first-grade teacher arrives at...
Young Shakespeare is forced to stage his latest...
A young seminarian rattles the established orde...
Kris Kringle, seemingly the embodiment of Santa...
The first half of this film, set hundreds of ye...
Jessica, the daughter of an impoverished apple ...
A small gold mining camp is terrorised by a rut...
John Rambo is released from prison by the gover...
When former Green Beret John Rambo is harassed ...
Combat has taken its toll on Rambo, but he's fi...
Joan Wilder is thrust back into a world of murd...
Though she can spin wild tales of passionate ro...
A group of aliens return to earth to take back ...
The old age pensioners that left at the end of ...
After Rocky goes the distance with champ Apollo...
Now the world champion, Rocky Balboa is living ...
Rocky must come out of retirement to battle a g...
A lifetime of taking shots has ended Rocky's ca...
Clue finds six colorful dinner guests gathered ...
Sherlock Holmes and Dr. Watson meet as boys in ...
After fifteen years of traveling around the wor...
Self-made millionaire Thornton Melon decides to...
Rachel is a food writer at a New York magazine ...
On his way up the corporate ladder, David Basne...
A woman escapes from the man who is about to ra...
Hassled by the school bullies, Daniel LaRusso h...
Mr. Miyagi and Daniel take a trip to Okinawa to...
Kreese, his life in tatters after his karate sc...
It's Christmas time and the Griswolds are prepa...
Book superstore magnate, Joe Fox and independen...
In a twenty-year career marked by obsessive sec...
A dreamer who aspires to human flight is assign...
Based on the graphic novel by James Jones, The ...
When some very creepy things start happening ar...
As a child living in Africa, Jill Young saw her...
After being taken from his home in Africa, Gori...
Meet Patch Adams, a doctor who doesn't look, ac...
Jackie is a divorced mother of two. Isabel is t...
Jan Schlickmann is a cynical lawyer who goes ou...
Rosa Lynn sends her druggie daughter Loretta an...
Based on a play by David Rabe, Hurlyburly is ab...
Semi-autobiographical film directed by Franco Z...
The story of Oscar Wilde, genius, poet, playwri...
A drama revolving around a group of strangers b...
A small town policeman must investigate a suspi...
A vending machine robbery by small time thief a...
An intimate story of the enduring bond of frien...
The tragic story of world-renowned cellist Jacq...
Eleven articulate people work through affairs o...
In a typical English working-class town, the ju...
A blind man has an operation to regain his sigh...
Claire Cooper dreams strange things from time t...
In small-town Texas, high school football is a ...
When the crew of an American tugboat boards an ...
Seven disgusting kids but nevertheless of inter...
A scientific experiment unknowingly brings extr...
Three young children accidentally release a hor...
It's been five years since Terry's friend Glen ...
Milly and Louis, and their recently-widowed mom...
In Montreal, the industrial François Delambre i...
When Seth Brundle makes a huge scientific and t...
Martin Brundle, born of the human/fly, is adopt...
Two street-wise Chicago cops have to shake off ...
Dooley, a cop wrongly sacked for corruption, te...
Five friends visiting their grandfather's house...
A radio host is victimized by the cannibal fami...
A couple encounters a perverted gas station att...
Everyone's favorite chainsaw-wielding psychopat...
A couple, cheated by a vile businessman, kidnap...
Eddie is your average 80's metal head teen. Now...
Paul is a new kid in town with a robot named "B...
In 19th-century Louisiana's Cajun country, Beli...
14th-century Franciscan monk William of Baskerv...
Terry works for a bank, and uses computers to c...
Peggy Sue faints at a Highschool reunion. When ...
When a New York reporter plucks crocodile hunte...
Australian outback expert protects his New York...
Harry Doyle (Lancaster) and Archie Lang (Dougla...
Soul Man is a comedy film made in 1986 about a ...
Former pool hustler "Fast Eddie" Felson decides...
Harry Mitchell is a successful Los Angeles manu...
A hard-nosed, hard-living Marine gunnery sergea...
A pair of adventurers try to track down an anci...
Three unemployed actors accept an invitation to...
Sharon Stone plays a street-wise, middle-aged m...
A bored couple takes in a young man who turns t...
Two thirtysomethings, unemployed former alcohol...
In the seventies Strange Fruit were it. They li...
The story revolves around a Basque Roman Cathol...
In Hollywood it's all about who you know, and t...
High school hotshot Zach Siler is the envy of h...
Grace tries to be the perfect mother and TV pro...
A Cherry Pontiac Lemans Convertible...Two Days....
Loner Mark Lewis works at a film studio during ...
A woman journalist, Zoe, knows better than to g...
With friends like these, who needs enemies? Tha...
After her mother's death, mediocre chef Amanda ...
Myles is divorced in L.A. He wants a love life ...
Comedian Harmonists tells the story of a famous...
Five Jewish Hungarians, now U.S. citizens, tell...
Fantastic Planet tells the story of “Oms”, huma...
Following a bomb scare in the 1960s that locked...
A woman finds a romantic letter in a bottle was...
News producer, Tim O'Hara gets himself fired fo...
Julia Sweeney tells the viewers the monologue a...
3 of Reagan High School's most popular girls pr...
Based on the true story of Homer Hickam, a coal...
Three office workers strike back at their evil ...
After twelve years of imprisonment by their own...
A collection of twentysomethings try to cope wi...
A small, seemingly innocuous plastic reel of fi...
A mentally challenged girl proves herself to be...
A portrait of a fictional town in the mid west ...
Derrick, a racially-confused Irishman raised in...
Peter loves his next door neighbour Erica and, ...
Gary Starke is one of the best ticket scalpers ...
Detective Philip Marlowe tries to help a friend...
In a small village in a valley everyone who rea...
Dr. Louis Creed's family moves into the country...
The "sematary" is up to its old zombie-raising ...
Arriving in Gatlin, Nebraska, a news-reporter a...
Two young Gatlin residents are orphaned after t...
Geeky student Arnie Cunningham falls for Christ...
A nebbish of a morgue attendant gets shunted ba...
Frederick Loren has invited five strangers to a...
Melodrama about a bomber on board an airplane, ...
"Something hit us...the crew is dead...help us,...
Flight 23 has crashed in the Bermuda Triangle w...
The plot is about a guile young terrorist who i...
At the opening party of a colossal - but poorly...
A baby alligator is flushed down a Chicago toil...
After a collision with a comet, a nearly 8km wi...
In a futuristic resort, wealthy patrons can vis...
An idyllic sci-fi future has one major drawback...
An  U.S. Spaceship lands on a desolate planet, ...
Astronaut Brent is sent to rescue Taylor but cr...
The fifth and final episode in the Planet of th...
In a futuristic world that has embraced ape sla...
The world is shocked by the appearance of two t...
The vacationers at a winter wonderland struggle...
Earthquake is a 1974 American disaster film tha...
The last of the 'Airport' series again stars Ge...
After "The Poseidon Adventure", in which the sh...
A look at Paul Taylor and his dance company ove...
Countless wiseguy films are spoofed in this fil...
Danny is a young cop partnered with Nick, a sea...
Slaking a thirst for dangerous games, Kathryn c...
A card sharp and his unwillingly-enlisted frien...
Norman Reedus stars as Harry Odum, a henpecked,...
In Paris, Dominique, a middle-aged fashion prof...
A mixed group of individuals - lesbian, gays, a...
Michelle Pfeiffer is ferocious in the role of a...
A DEA agent and a local sheriff have to wrestle...
After the suicide of her only friend, Rachel ha...
The Hollywood version of the popular video game...
Dr. Markway, doing research to prove the existe...
Elliot, a successful gynecologist, works at the...
Missy McCloud is the most beautiful girl in sch...
In a small English village everyone suddenly fa...
Six children are found spread through out the w...
Scientist hold talking, super-intelligent babie...
Two college graduates who find themselves stuck...
The Butcher (known from Noe's short film Carne)...
Ben Holmes, a professional book-jacket blurbolo...
Animated version of the Rodgers and Hammerstein...
Upon receiving reports of missing persons at Fo...
Boozer, skirt chaser, careless father. You coul...
Four female cons who have formed a band in pris...
Veronica is brilliant, gifted and beautiful, bu...
Adolf Hitler faces himself and must come to ter...
Mrs. Anna Leonowens and her son Louis arrive in...
Doug and his pal Skeeter set's out to find the ...
Video store clerk Ed agrees to have his life fi...
Three minor delinquints (Danes, Ribisi, and Epp...
A manager hires Ray, off the books, to paint al...
The world of a young housewife is turned upside...
Set in the 22nd century, The Matrix tells the s...
Bianca, a tenth grader, has never gone on a dat...
A dangerous love affair inspires a director to ...
The remake of the 1970 Neil Simon comedy follow...
In Lille, two penniless young women with few pr...
A triangle: love, obsession, and choice. Pierre...
After ten years absence Toni, Chris's best frie...
A 1950s author (Terumi Matthews) is transported...
A struggling, unemployed young writer takes to ...
Told from three perspectives, a story of a bunc...
Josie Geller, a baby-faced junior copywriter at...
Twins, separated at birth, end up as a Hong Kon...
Conflict arises in the small town of Holly Spri...
'Foolish' Waise is a talented comedian with a h...
Otto and Ana are kids when they meet each other...
Police investigate when a man having an affair ...
Two men in 1930s Mississippi become friends aft...
Friends for ten years, a group of twenty-someth...
In 1972, disenchanted about the dreary conventi...
Jeanne, a receptionist at a travel agency, is l...
A suicidal older man, Gordon Trout, is kidnappe...
A vicious serial sex killer is on the loose, an...
A very handsome man finds the love of his life,...
In 1987, colour slides were found in a second h...
Two former geeks become 1980s punks, then party...
A comedy about finding your true love at any pr...
Two air traffic controllers (John Cusack, Billy...
A high school teacher's personal life becomes c...
A game designer on the run from assassins must ...
Richard and Kate are former lovers who are now ...
Word of a monster ape ten stories tall living i...
Robert Lepage directed this Canadian comedy, fi...
One of the most enigmatic artists of the 20th c...
Two thieves, who travel in elegant circles, try...
Anton is a cheerful but exceedingly non-ambitio...
A tenderly romantic coming-of-age story as two ...
A struggling architect, being sued for divorce ...
Wang Bianlian is an aging street performer know...
Three Seasons wants to show individuals triumph...
Early 20th century England: while toasting his ...
After her cheating husband leaves her, Mildred ...
Two girls from the Valley wake up to find that ...
A group of teenagers that work at the mall all ...
Michael and Ellie break into a military junkyar...
The comic strip detective finds his life vastly...
Dashing legionnaire Rick O'Connell and his comp...
A Melbourne family is very happy living near th...
Mascara is the story of three very different wo...
When schoolteacher Kieran Johnson (James Caan) ...
Young teen girl Xiu Xiu is sent away to a remot...
Shakespeare's comedy about two couples in love ...
Greg is near the end of his senior year in high...
After death, people have just one week to choos...
Chui Chik tries to lead a quiet life as a libra...
A gay teenager finds out who he is and what he ...
The gold medal for the men's 10,000-meter race ...
Anakin Skywalker, a young slave strong with the...
A romantic comedy about a mysterious love lette...
When an African dictator jails her husband, Sha...
A group of unemployed theater actors survive by...
In the Napoleonic wars, an officer finds an old...
An ancient Egyptian priest called Imhotep is re...
One by one the archaeologists who discover the ...
After being buried in quicksand for the past 25...
An Egyptian high priest travels to America to r...
A couple of young, out-of-work archaeologists i...
A high priest of Karnak travels to America with...
In this biographical film, glamorous yet lonely...
Mild-mannered Clark Kent works as a reporter at...
Three escaped criminals from the planet Krypton...
Aiming to defeat the Man of Steel, wealthy exec...
With global superpowers engaged in an increasin...
The legend of vampire Count Dracula begins here...
A scientist working on cures for rare afflictio...
An evil scientist and a hunchback escape from p...
Henry Frankenstein is a doctor who is trying to...
Wolf Frankenstein, son of Henry Frankenstein, r...
Ygor discovers Frankenstein's creation is still...
Graverobbers open the grave of the Wolfman and ...
Baron Victor Frankenstein has discovered life's...
Carpathian Count Alucard is invited to the U.S....
After his brother's death, Larry Talbot returns...
A young girl whose sister was murdered by werew...
A spider escapes from an isolated desert labora...
Sweethearts Brad and Janet, stuck with a flat t...
The CIA sends playboy Mike Trent to Alaska with...
Dan Ackroyd, John Candy, Gilda Radner and Cheec...
Scientists and American Air Force officials fen...
Author &amp; amateur astronomer John Putnam and...
The residents of a small town are excited when ...
A Giant Octopus, whose feeding habits have been...
A small-town doctor learns that the population ...
After aliens fail to effectively manage their t...
An alien from Venus tries to take over the worl...
A party of archaeologists discovers the remnant...
Dr. Alec Holland, hidden away in the depths of ...
American GI's must retake a barren hill in Kore...
The captain of a submarine sunk by the Japanese...
The British comedy from director Roger Michell ...
Computer scientist Hannon Fuller has discovered...
Alexander, a famous writer, is very ill and has...
The story of the sexual development of a filmma...
Victor Bukowski is an out-of-work actor with pr...
Dr. Ethan Powell, an anthropologist, is in Afri...
In this fascinating Oscar-nominated documentary...
An academic obsessed with "roadside attractions...
Using personal stories, this powerful documenta...
Floating is the story of a young man's struggle...
Young filmmakers trying to hawk a movie titled ...
Unconventional narrative about the interactions...
When diabolical genius, Dr. Evil travels back i...
A quaint small town that hasn't paid taxes sinc...
Lucien is a dwarf, who works hard in a large le...
Spans 300 years in the life of one famed musica...
Tarzan was a small orphan who was raised by an ...
When the body of Army Capt. Elizabeth Campbell ...
Affectionate tribute to Bruce Vilanch, who writ...
Sir Robert Chiltern is a successful Government ...
The story of a virtuoso piano player who lives ...
Lola receives a phone call from her boyfriend M...
A hilarious look at the universe's most fervent...
A lazy law school grad adopts a kid to impress ...
Brett Sprague is a violent and psychopathic man...
Each week, Pierre and his friends organize what...
Pakistani taxi-driver Parvez and prostitute Bet...
In a time of misery and fear two enemies come t...
A large spider from the jungles of South Americ...
When the four boys see an R-rated movie featuri...
Legless Southern inventor Dr. Arliss Loveless p...
Spike Lee's take on the "Son of Sam" murders in...
A young Pennsylvania man moves to Los Angeles t...
Set against Paris' oldest bridge, the Pont Neuf...
A story about the transition from late youth to...
At a high-school party, four friends find that ...
Threats from sinister foreign nationals aren't ...
Magali (Béatrice Romand), forty-something, is a...
When Gonzo's breakfast cereal tells him that he...
In October of 1994 three student filmmakers dis...
Memoir of the lives of a family growing up on a...
After Dr. Bill Hartford's wife, Alice, admits t...
When a man is eaten alive by an unknown creatur...
In the panicky, uncertain hours before his wedd...
Gary is in love with Valentino. So is Mary Carm...
After losing their academic posts at a prestigi...
Five years after they defeated Gozer, the Ghost...
In a small Minnesota town, the annual beauty pa...
Dr. David Marrow invites Nell Vance, and Theo a...
John Brown is a bumbling but well-intentioned s...
The misadventures of two young gay men, trying ...
On a remote former submarine refueling facility...
When Captain Amazing (Kinnear) is kidnapped by ...
Ike Graham, New York columnist, writes his text...
Francis and Blake Falls are Siamese twins who l...
The Killing was Stanley Kubrick’s first film wi...
The film revolves around Davey Gordon (Jamie Sm...
Spartacus is a 1960 American historical drama f...
Humbert Humbert is a middle-aged British noveli...
In the Eighteenth Century, in a small village i...
For young Parisian boy Antoine Doinel, life is ...
In Paris, before WWI, two friends, Jules (Austr...
Medium Sylvia Pickel and psychometrist Nick Dee...
Allie Fox, an American inventor exhausted by th...
A detective specializing in missing children is...
Eugene, a young teenage Jewish boy, recalls his...
Jay Killon is the bodyguard of the recently ele...
Three sisters with quite different personalitie...
An epic tale spanning forty years in the life o...
Amanda's deathbed request to her son, John, was...
An unconventional undercover Chicago cop and hi...
Menage begins as a comedy of sorts, but be warn...
In 1940s Chicago, a young black man takes a job...
Having previously staged Verdi's 1887 opera Ote...
Jeremy Irons plays a Spanish Jesuit who goes in...
Seymour Krelborn is a nerdy orphan working at M...
Black comedy about a young man who creates a ca...
After his brother Robeson disappears without a ...
Failed actress Alex Sternbergen wakes up hungov...
The Narrator (Woody Allen) tells us how the rad...
Apprentice lawyer Robin Weathers turns a civil ...
Refined actress Lauren Ames finally has a chanc...
Terry Lambert is sleeping with Sylvia, the wife...
A babysitting uncle tells his charges three hor...
Fox and Jett play a brother and sister who are ...
This movie features a character who is supposed...
The true story of Frances Farmer's meteoric ris...
David Hare's account of a one-time French freed...
Comedy about two high school girls who wander o...
Under pressure from his publisher, Russian nove...
In the small town of Rockwell, Maine in October...
A psychological thriller about an eight year ol...
A very rich and successful playboy amuses himse...
Young businessman, Thomas Crown is bored and de...
THE ACID HOUSE is a surreal triptych adapted by...
In June, 1983, in Dutchess County, New York, Se...
It's the start of the 20th century, and Tuccio,...
Stiff Upper Lips is a broad parody of British p...
In the rail yards of Queens, contractors repair...
On the verge of bankruptcy and desperate for hi...
Best friends Alice and Darlene take a trip to T...
In 1978, a Kiss concert was an epoch-making eve...
At the age of 20, Martin leaves his home town a...
Not long after moving into her own place, Maggi...
Nineteen-year-old Ari confronts both his sexual...
In 1996, Marcello Mastroianni talks about life ...
An impoverished Italian nobleman (Rudolph Valen...
Sarah Taylor, a police psychologist, meets a my...
Joe Pendleton is a quarterback preparing to lea...
A magician who has been turned into a raven tur...
After much hard work, a pathologist discovers a...
Francis Barnard goes to Spain, when he hears hi...
Story about a man haunted by the spirit of his ...
Satan-worshiper Prince Prospero invites the loc...
Three stories adapted from the work of Edgar Al...
Larry Abbot, speaker in the radio horror shows ...
Three short stories by shock-meister Stephen Ki...
And Now for Something Completely Different is a...
Since the sudden and highly suspicious death of...
Damien Thorn (Sam Neill) has helped rescue the ...
Alcoholic pilot, Ted Striker has developed a fe...
A faulty computer causes a passenger space shut...
An American man unwittingly gets involved with ...
The Griswalds win a vacation to Europe on a gam...
Clark Griswold is on a quest to take his family...
Chevy Chase stars as Andy Farmer, a sportswrite...
A young boy, Josh Baskin makes a wish at a carn...
Ben Healy (John Ritter) and his social climbing...
Junior and his father, Ben, move from Cold Rive...
A little boy whose dreams transcend reality is ...
After a childhood of abuse by his evangelistic ...
In a seaside California town, best friends Mac ...
Two Supreme Court Justices have been assassinat...
The comic mishaps and adventures of a young boy...
An English auctioneer proposes to the daughter ...
Leanne is salutatorian when she needs to be val...
Luc Deveraux, the heroic former Universal Soldi...
An American soldier who had been killed during ...
A movie about a relationship...that's worse tha...
Mima Kirigoe is a singer who leaves her trio to...
Four small-time two-bit character actors, all c...
A fearless cop is taking on a ruthless crimelor...
Traces the Beats from Allen Ginsberg and Jack K...
Mystery writer Cornelia Van Gorder has rented a...
When Doug's father, an Air Force Pilot, is shot...
Chappy Sinclair is called to gather together a ...
Chappy discovers a drug-smuggling scheme at his...
While Chappy Sinclair is saddled with a bunch o...
A bookish CIA researcher finds all his co-worke...
A stage production of Hamlet filmed at the Lunt...
Gloria Swanson plays a spoiled maiden who alway...
An eccentric scientist working for a large drug...
In San Francisco, well-known sportsman Kay Hoog...
The story of three young boxers and their coach...
In a juvenile lockup, a new ward answers questi...
In AD 922, Arab courtier, Ahmad Ibn Fadlan acco...
When astronaut Spencer Armacost returns to Eart...
Based on the 60's-era cartoon of the same name....
What happens when a screenwriter (Brooks) loses...
The film takes place in Belgrade in the mid nin...
Poor but happy, young Nello and his grandfather...
Xavier Lombard is a world-weary private eye in ...
A love story or a tale of the resistance, this ...
Laurence recounts to his neighbour how his life...
A store clerk and an ice cream truck driver are...
In this coming-of-age comedy, Tim Dunphy is lea...
At the suggestion of a friend, gay Leo (Kevin M...
A mental patient escapes from the looney bin in...
In April, 1975, civil war breaks out; Beirut is...
A young woman with no strong religious beliefs,...
After being hypnotized by his sister in law, To...
Rich, successful Bryce meets beautiful Lissa at...
Matko is a small time hustler, living by the Da...
The Minus Man is a 1999 film based on the novel...
In a virtually all-white Iowa town, Flip daydre...
The story of two animals and their adventures. ...
Geoff Carter (Cary Grant) is the head of a crum...
Desdemona, daughter of a Venetian aristocrat, e...
When childhood friends Al, Dennis and Eliot get...
Brewster seems to be an almost too perfect exam...
In the towm of Tynen, Louisiana, a black Master...
Alice is a withdrawn 12-year-old who lives with...
A young psychiatric nurse goes to work at a lon...
A collection of short stories. In one a woman w...
When two teenagers make prank phone calls to st...
The Blue Meanies take over Pepperland, draining...
Lester Burnham, a depressed suburban father in ...
David Byrne walks onto the stage and does a sol...
Miles Logan is a jewel thief who just hit the b...
A baseball legend almost finished with his dist...
The perversion behind imperial Rome, the epic s...
Capturing John Lennon, Paul McCartney, George H...
Veronica is a white-bread beauty searching for ...
Look at the lives of struggling L.A. scene rock...
A film about the life and career of the early r...
Nobody believes teenager Charley Brewster (Will...
After three years of therapy Charley Brewster, ...
In Paris, Pierre and Anne have been living toge...
In this film based on a Neil Simon play, newlyw...
Intent on seeing the Cahulawassee River before ...
The myth of King Arthur brought to the screen. ...
This film is about a famous jazz saxophonist, I...
Employees of the Sleeptite Pajama Factory are l...
Set in the south of the United States just afte...
The tiny girl meets a fairy prince who saves he...
A psychosomatically deaf, dumb and blind boy be...
Four college pledges are forced to spend the ni...
Agent Jackie is hired to find WWII Nazi gold hi...
Jackie Chan stars as Asian Hawk, an Indiana Jon...
A woman framed for her husband's murder suspect...
In 1944 Poland, a Jewish shop keeper named Jako...
In the small town of Mumford, a psychologist of...
Sex comedy takes a look at contemporary dating ...
A young girl from an affluent family rebels and...
Elmo loves his fuzzy, blue blanket, and would n...
A tattooed Interpol agent helps an old classmat...
Nicole and Chase live next door to each other b...
In Mystery, Alaska, life revolves around the le...
A group of American soldiers stationed in Iraq ...
Two escaped convicts roll into the village of H...
A corporate raider (Christopher Walken) and his...
Will Plunkett and Captain James Macleane, two m...
She's as hot as Britney Spears. Hotter. She par...
Two young children, who, rather than part with ...
A suave Mexican cattleman inadvertently gets in...
In 1914, a cruise ship sets sail from Naples to...
Thad Beaumont is the author of a highly success...
Gulliver washes ashore on Lilliput and attempts...
A quadriplegic man is given a trained monkey he...
A young boy and his friends face off against a ...
Years of treatment at a mental institution for ...
Norman Bates is still running his little motel,...
A missionary tries to reform a prostitute trapp...
Toshiro Mifune swaggers and snarls to brilliant...
After the death of their loved ones in a tragic...
Orphan Mary Katherine Gallagher, an ugly duckli...
Female born, Teena Brandon adopts his male iden...
Filmmaker Teresa Blake's portrait of an 88-year...
A philosophy teacher restless with the need to ...
After his son dies, an elderly man comes back t...
The Limey follows Wilson (Terence Stamp), a tou...
David Hyde Pierce, playing an alien (credited a...
Molly McKay is a profoundly autistic twenty-som...
Meet Joel Goodson, an industrious, college-boun...
Construction worker Douglas Quaid discovers a m...
In the midst of a searing Florida heat wave, a ...
Charismatic teen Ferris Bueller plays hooky in ...
Australian journalist Guy Hamilton travels to I...
Filmed during the German occupation, this Frenc...
A gunfighting stranger comes to the small settl...
Marshall Jed Cooper survives a hanging, vowing ...
The interlaced stories of several characters in...
Jackie Chan stars as Wong Fei-Hung, whose misch...
A weak-willed Italian man becomes a fascist flu...
Ample teen Tracy Turnblad wants nothing more th...
Returning home from a shopping trip to a nearby...
He had everything and wanted nothing. He learne...
A radical American journalist becomes involved ...
The story of U.S. fighter pilots shot down over...
In this luminous tale set in the former Yugosla...
In 1910, a Chicago steel worker accidentally ki...
Alain Leroy is a recovering alcoholic who decid...
In a Gypsy village, the fathers of Candela and ...
Returning from a year up the Amazon studying sn...
Sullivan is a successful, spoiled, and naive di...
Gerry and Tom Jeffers are finding married life ...
A new patient mysteriously appears in a psychia...
Rose Loomis and her older, gloomier husband, Ge...
Just arrived in Argentina, small-time crooked g...
Can a girl from Little Rock find happiness with...
The popular 1980’s dance movie that depicts the...
The story starts in the 1930's at one of the la...
12 American military prisoners in World War II ...
Betty has a crush on her tennis coach Mike. He ...
This Beatles film has an obscure Asian cult, th...
Special agent 007 (Sean Connery) comes face to ...
Agent 007 is back in the second installment of ...
In the film that launched the James Bond saga, ...
Two small children and a ship's cook survive a ...
The Man With No Name enters the Mexican village...
A stranger mentors a young Reno gambler who wed...
Instead of flying to Florida with his folks, Ke...
A hitchhiker named Martel Gordone gets in a fig...
An ex-con, on parole and trying to straighten h...
In Queens, Mike Keegan is celebrating with his ...
Evil Mr.Grimes keeps a rag-tag bunch orphans on...
Naturally Native follows the lives, loves, pain...
A ticking-time-bomb insomniac and a slippery so...
Thom Fitzgerald's (The Hanging Garden) provocat...
Ben and Katie Jordan are a married couple who g...
A romantic comedy about a man, a woman and a fo...
A destitute 14 year old struggles to keep his l...
A portrait of the effects of schizophrenia on f...
In this spiritual thriller, an ancient prophecy...
"The Straight Story" chronicles a trip made by ...
Young Rhoda Penmark is sweet, smart … and inher...
Young history buff Kevin can scarcely believe i...
A man and a woman meet by accident on a Sunday ...
The story of Brian Sweeney Fitzgerald, an extre...
Bob Fosse's semi-autobiographical film celebrat...
An old leper who owned a remote sorghum winery ...
An ophthalmologist's mistress threatens to reve...
Genetically mutated bats escape and it's up to ...
Harper, a writer who's about to explode into th...
48 hours in the life of a burnt-out paramedic. ...
An abused wife heads to California to become a ...
Oscar and Peter land a career-making opportunit...
The Los Angeles club scene is a place of booze-...
A young man wants to be a female impersonator, ...
A nostalgic look back at the Great Depression w...
The idyllic lives of Phil and Kate seem complet...
This espionage thriller represents a landmark i...
Documentary on motorcycle racing featuring star...
In a violent, near-apocalyptic Detroit, evil co...
After a successful deployment of the Robocop La...
'Toon star Roger is worried that his wife Jessi...
The story of hard-luck Melvin Dummar, who claim...
A British spy ship has sunk and on board was a ...
James Bond and his American colleague Felix Lei...
James Bond must investigate a mysterious murder...
Ireland will never be the same after Rawhead Re...
A criminal organization has obtained two nuclea...
The stories of four Hispanic immigrants living ...
A remake of the 1959 film of the same name. A m...
Story of a schoolteacher's struggle to teach vi...
Spike Jonze’s debut feature film is a love stor...
Set in rural England in the 1950s Eva (Samantha...
Fantasy-comedy about a young man who lives as i...
Ashitaka, a prince of the disappearing Ainu tri...
An 80s one-hit wonder band named The Suburbans ...
A look at the tumultuous yet productive relatio...
In 1941, the inhabitants of a small Jewish vill...
Jimmie is seeing his single friends get married...
Rookie cop, Amelia Donaghy reluctantly teams wi...
Tells the true story of a 60 Minutes television...
AMERICAN MOVIE is the story of filmmaker Mark B...
Various citizens of Toronto anxiously await the...
Ada and Lise are both costume designers, the fi...
Young and impulsive Rosetta lives with her alco...
Desperate characters stake their fortune on a D...
Alfred's father feels his son has grown up too ...
Herbert West once again revives the dead. This ...
After ex-con Joe Braxton violates his probation...
A young woman doctor discovers something sinist...
Inspired by the E.C. comics of the 1950s, Georg...
EC Comics-inspired weirdness returns with three...
A dedicated student at a medical college and hi...
Bob and his friends Dianne, Rick and Nadine hav...
On the day of his daughter's birthday, William ...
Rebellious teen Amy (Elizabeth Berridge) defies...
During America’s Civil War Union spies steal en...
Joe Merrill, son of the millionaire owner of a ...
When flesh-eating piranhas are accidently relea...
The only business in the Wild West town of Jeri...
The owner of a slaughterhouse facing foreclosur...
Baptista, a rich Paduan merchant, announces tha...
An international terrorist has New York in a gr...
A nameless ronin, or samurai with no master, en...
It's been some time since Father Jebedaiah Mayi...
Robert Neville, a doctor, due to an experimenta...
When the nefarious Dark Helmet hatches a plan t...
With King Richard off to the Crusades, Prince J...
A hilarious and heartfelt military comedy-drama...
A colossal adventure odyssey that turns back th...
Jack Crabb, looking back from extreme old age, ...
"A Face in the Crowd" charts the rise of a rauc...
A snobbish investor and a wily street con-artis...
Tripper is the head counselor at a budget summe...
The second in-name-only sequel to the first Mea...
The ghost of a dead porn star comes to Earth to...
Ricky is the hottest water-ski instructor aroun...
In 1949 composer Roman Strauss is executed for ...
It is New Year's weekend and the friends of Pet...
An adventurous love story between two young wom...
A shy, introverted young girl takes a summer jo...
In World War II era Los Angeles, the manager of...
An inept British WWII commander leads his troop...
On a winter day in a southside Queens high scho...
In this adaptation of the Mona Simpson novel, s...
The latest battle in the eternal war between Go...
In 1429 a teenage girl from a remote French vil...
The adventure explodes into action with the deb...
A solitary middle-aged bachelor and a naive Iri...
A masochistic cop, who hides her predilection f...
After making a 3-hour fiasco about New York Cit...
A mad scientist searching for a cure for polio....
During WWI pretty German master spy Helene von ...
Jimmy Rabbitte, just a tick out of school, gets...
Lovely Linda Mason has crooner Jim Hardy head o...
The retelling of June 6, 1944, from the perspec...
A seductive teen befriends an introverted high ...
A sinister seductress vows to destroy a suburba...
The story of a young shoe salesman whose overes...
In the summer of 1941, the United States and Ja...
Pepa resolves to kill herself with a batch of s...
Frank Galvin is a down-on-his luck lawyer, redu...
Middle-aged widow Beatrice Hunsdorfer (Joanne W...
Adventurer/surgeon/rock musician Buckaroo Banza...
Jaime Escalante is a mathematics teacher in a s...
Cher is devastatingly funny, sinuous and beauti...
A free-spirited artist (Elizabeth Taylor), who ...
A mountain man who wishes to live the life of a...
In Roman Polanski's first English-language film...
Nester Patou, a naive police officer, is transf...
Director Michael Apted revisits the same group ...
Anti-Semitism, race relations, coming of age, a...
This fun and sexy comedy tells a timelessly ent...
In the year 2019, after global destruction and ...
New York detective Ichabod Crane is sent to Sle...
Greed, revenge, world dominance and high-tech t...
A single mother in Madrid sees her only son die...
A look at the early days of online culture as p...
A toxic spill revives a beautiful, dead heiress...
Ollie Dee and Stanley Dum try to borrow money f...
In this modern take on Charles Dickens' "A Chri...
The classic stage hit gets the Hollywood treatm...
Antonio, an unemployed man in the depressed pos...
Filmed in the coal country of West Virginia, "M...
When a warlord dies, a peasant thief is called ...
The story tells of a group of samurai who were ...
A gambler and a prostitute become business part...
After his lover rejects him, a young man trappe...
Tom Joad returns to his home after a jail sente...
The eccentric Bullock household again need a ne...
Two employees at a gift shop can barely stand o...
An unknown middle-aged batter named Roy Hobbs w...
George Roundy is a Beverly Hills hairstylist wh...
A River Runs Through is a cinematographically s...
A married man's one night stand comes back to h...
San Francisco heiress Page Forrester is brutall...
An illiterate cook at a company cafeteria tries...
An accountant embezzles $15 million of mob mone...
Dr. Malcolm Sayer, a shy research physician, us...
Come See The Paradise is a deeply touching love...
They say a blast of flames can take a life ... ...
Two troubled men face their terrible destinies ...
Farming family battles severe storms, a bank th...
Gilbert Ivy and his wife Jewell are farmers. Th...
In 1930s Southern US, a widow and her family tr...
It happened in 1983. It was a rare and remarkab...
On December 28th, 1999, the citizens of New Yor...
Andy heads off to Cowboy Camp, leaving his toys...
An ultraconservative police officer suffers a d...
A footman seduces a count's daughter. Adaptatio...
Ride with the Devil follows four people who are...
A woman constantly runs from town to town with ...
An elderly heiress is killed by her husband who...
A Florida con man uses the passing of the long ...
Two fishermen pick up a psychotic escaped convi...
As a penalty for fighting fellow classmates day...
"Porky" style teen comedy with plenty of gross ...
When Agnes Browne's husband died, she discovere...
On a rainy London night in 1946, novelist Mauri...
A civil servant's wife (Deborah Kerr) in wartim...
While on a journey of discovery in exotic India...
School nurse Alice Goodwin lives with her husba...
A comedic biopic focused on the life of fiction...
After his mistress runs over a young teen, a Wa...
     Romantic comedy about aspiring writers in NY.
Wealthy Jervis Pendleton acts as benefactor for...
Keaton portrays Friendless, who travels west to...
A group of French soldiers, including the patri...
As he approaches manhood, Ben Meechum struggles...
Released two years after James Dean's death, th...
This true story follows the exploits of a top s...
Billy Wyatt (Harmon), a former high school and ...
Mary Brooks' father, who has been studying anci...
"The Three Ages," Buster Keaton's first feature...
This sequel to the classic Chinatown finds priv...
A concert movie on an unprecedented scale, Ratt...
During World War II, a shot-down American pilot...
Bruce (Rod Taylor), the owner of a aerospace co...
A true story of politics and art in the 1930s U...
Deuce Bigalow is a less than attractive, down o...
A supernatural tale set on death row in a South...
Homer is an orphan who was never adopted, becom...
Mystery about an ex-prizefighter who embarks on...
An alienated teenager, saddened that he has mov...
A master criminal terrorizes the occupants of a...
The coming of age of a youth named Sonny in a s...
When a princess is shrunken by an evil wizard, ...
Nick Condon, an American journalist in 1945 Tok...
The story of the romance between the King of Si...
Richard Martin buys a gift, a new NDR-114 robot...
The adventures of a heroic and debonair stalwar...
In pre-unified China, the King of Qin sends his...
Blending lively music and brilliant animation, ...
An epic mosaic of many interrelated characters ...
In the opulent St. Petersburg of the Empire per...
As youths in Azusa, Vinnie, Carter, and Rosie p...
After their production "Princess Ida" meets wit...
Amid Europe's superwealthy jet set, lovely Lesl...
Red is an aging scam-artist who's just been rel...
Mike is a struggling artist who draws the 'Bren...
The concurrent sexual lives of best friends Jon...
A cross-country trip to sell drugs puts two hip...
The true story of a disillusioned military cont...
Edited version of the 1938 Republic serial "The...
In late 1940s Yorkshire, England, ambitious you...
A movie adaptation of Homer's second epic, that...
A star quarterback gets knocked out of the game...
A film about the life and career of the eccentr...
The stars of a 1970s sci-fi show - now scraping...
Tom Ripley is a calculating young man who belie...
Ice Cube returns as Craig Jones, a streetwise m...
The story of Rubin "Hurricane" Carter, a boxer ...
Based on the best selling autobiography by Iris...
Two aging fighters in LA, friends, get a call f...
Titus Andronicus returns from the wars and sees...
Mr. Death: The Rise and Fall of Fred A. Leuchte...
The Vatican sends a priest to verify some mirac...
A seasoned enforcer (Kyra Sedgwick) is given th...
A Japanese-American fisherman may have killed h...
Set in the changing world of the late 1960's, S...
Ryan Kazinski, 16, is in juvenile detention in ...
The story of Baseball Hall-of-Famer Hank Greenb...
A shy boy is unable to make friends in Yazoo Ci...
Set in the 22nd century, when a battered salvag...
This thriller investigates the mysterious assas...
A young female terrorist goes on a suicide assa...
Two desperate people have a wonderful romance, ...
Wealthy Elias Graves builds his home on the top...
It's a dreary Christmas 1944 for the American P...
Jay Austin is now a civilian police detective. ...
A man befriends a fellow criminal as the two of...
Frank Sinatra, at the zenith of his cocky, worl...
Two Navy men are ordered to bring a young offen...
A drop-out from upper-class America picks up wo...
The inhabitants of an institution in a remote c...
An Australian couple take a sailing trip in the...
Nazi hunter Ezra Lieberman discovers a sinister...
A vengeful witch and her fiendish servant retur...
She was a beautiful fugitive. Fleeing from corr...
Writer Harry Street reflects on his life as he ...
An LA detective is murdered because she has mic...
Gypsy Carmen drives men wild in 1820s Spain, es...
Follows a group of high school students growing...
Based on the true story of Lindy Chamberlain: D...
The film follows Jay Jay, a former hair dresser...
An old flame of Bruce Wayne's strolls into town...
When Dr. Marcus Sommers realizes that he and hi...
A luxury liner carries Jewish refugees from Hit...
An erotic horror tale about a vixen vampiress s...
Esther Blodgett is just another starry-eyed far...
Three intercut stories about outsiders, sex and...
A couple works hard to renovate their dream hou...
On leave in a shore side town, Johnny becomes i...
Peter Greenaway's first fiction feature (after ...
A film version of the famous Bizet opera, where...
Oliver Deuce, a successful doctor, is shattered...
Jumpei Niki, a Tokyo based entomologist and edu...
College coeds in New York City, Al, the son of ...
Hellhounds On My Trail is a tribute to the infl...
From the land of Almodovar comes a hot new film...
A whimsical look back at the life of a bisexual...
Novelist Janet Frobisher, lives in an isolated ...
After reading the diary of an elderly Jewish ma...
Nick Van Alstyne owns the Henrietta silver mine...
A man learns he will inherit a fortune if he ma...
Two young women arrive in London to make it big...
Harry Williams, member of the rhythm &amp; blue...
Semi-biographical film based on the experiences...
Two gunfighters separate and experience surreal...
Swedish filmmaker Mikael Kristersson directs th...
A reclusive surveillance expert is hired to spy...
An unsuccessful over-the-top actress becomes a ...
Thinking he's competing in Los Angeles' hot Pla...
While the soccer World Cup is being played in F...
After St. Jude appears in Esperanza's oven, she...
High school misfits Stoney and Dave discover a ...
Paula McFadden knows: In romance, actors all fo...
An unabashed exercise in cinema stylistics, I A...
The biopic of the controversial and influential...
A Reno singer witnesses a mob murder and the co...
Deloris Van Cartier is again asked to don the n...
A suburban family chooses seemingly sweet Peyto...
The amazing, true story of a Uruguayan rugby te...
When a dead newborn is found, wrapped in bloody...
Charlie Simms (Chris O'Donnell) is a student at...
When a sleazy TV exec offers Wayne and Garth a ...
A message from Jim Morrison in a dream prompts ...
Small-town sisters Dottie and Kit join an all-f...
When CIA Analyst Jack Ryan interferes with an I...
A former Secret Service agent grudgingly takes ...
Madeline is married to Ernest, who was once arc...
A young man (Cruise) leaves Ireland with his la...
Merchant Ivory’s adaptation of EM Forster’s cla...
Romantic comedy about six of Seattle's young pe...
In the questionable town of Deer Meadow, Washin...
Billy Hoyle (Woody Harrelson) and Sidney Deane ...
Blonde, bouncy Buffy is your typical high schoo...
A cop who loses his partner in a shoot-out with...
A camera crew follows a serial killer/thief aro...
El Mariachi just wants to play his guitar and c...
A tough cop's (Sylvester Stallone) seemingly fr...
A 1939 test pilot asks his best friend to use h...
Two former Olympians, one a figure skater and t...
Two drifters, one a gentle but slow giant, try ...
While investigating a young nun's rape, a corru...
A murdering spree begins to happen again, this ...
Attractive Manhattanite Allison Jones has it al...
With a God-inspired moral obligation to act aga...
Legendary undercover DEA agent Charlie Mayough ...
Based on a work of Josep Maria Benet i Jornet e...
Monika Treut explores the worlds and thoughts o...
Bell decides to follow the footsteps of his fat...
A social worker who recently lost her husband i...
Documentary about Brandon Teena (aka Teena Bran...
Karl Foyle and Paul Prentice were best mates at...
Depressed and jaded after being dumped by her m...
They Might be Giants chronicles the adventures ...
Twenty-something Richard travels to Thailand an...
When a school in upstate New York is snowed in,...
As it happens, everybody - Pooh, Piglet, Eeyore...
A British family is trapped between culture, tr...
Teacher Gao loves the students in his poor vill...
Arne buys a house in suburban Los Angeles, only...
Jermaine, a young struggling Atlanta lawyer, de...
Police Lt. Leonard Diamond vies to bring a clev...
Emmy Coer, a computer genius, devises a method ...
A psychotic redneck who owns a dilapidated hote...
This Ken Loach film tells the story of a man de...
Idealistic engineer-trainee and his experiences...
With Byrd at the South Pole (1930) is a documen...
A college dropout gets a job as a broker for a ...
A trio of sisters bond over their ambivalence t...
When their ship crash-lands on a remote planet,...
A mobster named Jimmy the Tulip agrees to coope...
In London, during October 1993, England is play...
The film follows a simple structure, and shows ...
Fed up with mistreatment at the hands of both m...
Young female models are being strangled inexpli...
Charlie, a wandering tramp, becomes a circus ha...
City Lights is the first silent film that Charl...
Brooklyn teenager Jeffrey Willis, thoroughly un...
Poor Charlie lives in a vacant lot. He tries to...
Considered one of Charlie Chaplin's best films,...
Will Lockhart (James Stewart) becomes entangled...
A story about the rich McCulloch Family, their ...
Lizzie Borden High's class of '72 are going thr...
In 1900, unscrupulous timber baron Jim Fallon p...
B.G. Bruno, a rich bachelor, the head of a succ...
After assuming his dead cellmate's identity to ...
Grady (Michael Douglas) is a 50-ish English pro...
The President of the United States must deal wi...
A dramatic comedy where a the relationship of a...
Kresten, newly wed, is on the threshold of a gr...
A group of aspiring young actors wait tables at...
Brian Hooks plays a character who is just relea...
An avid detective is assigned to investigate th...
The recently deceased Mona Dearly (Bette Midler...
A comedy-drama about best friends - one a strai...
A highly-evolved planet, whose denizens feel no...
Beyond the Mat is a 1999 professional wrestling...
An African-American Mafia hit man who models hi...
Coming-of age feature, set in a New South Wales...
A fragile Kansas girl's unrequited and forbidde...
High school senior Bobby Chrystal fails his Fre...
You'll be captivated as you track the legendary...
When June Buckridge (Beryl Reid) arrives at her...
A hurricane swells outside, but it's nothing co...
Don Gregor, the son of famous plastic surgeon D...
It is the Second World War. The Nazis have inva...
Advertising golden boy Andrew Quint is fed up w...
Directed by Al Reinert and with music scored by...
It is 1943, and the German army, ravaged and de...
Dr. Varnoff captures twelve men for his experim...
Uncouth, loud-mouth junkyard tycoon Harry Brock...
Two young men are seriously affected by the Vie...
In this variation on director Vadim's own, more...
In the sleepy suburbs of Miami, seemingly norma...
A heartwarming Disney classic in which a cougar...
Gore specialist H.G. Lewis' gruesome tale of an...
This film dramatizes the true story of Farley M...
An insane Swedish farmer escapes from an asylum...
Funloving Pearl White, working in a garment swe...
Walter Lee Younger is a young man struggling wi...
Six people are lured into a small Deep South to...
Fritz Brown is an ex-LAPD, recovering alcoholic...
Irish bachelors take out an ad in the Miami Her...
When contact is lost with the crew of the first...
An all-expenses-paid international search for a...
                                  No overview yet.
June 1946: Stalin invites Russian emigres to re...
In an afterlife resembling the present-day US, ...
Dave, nineteen, has just graduated high school,...
High school basketball is king in small-town In...
Veteran catcher Crash Davis is brought to the m...
A man robs a bank to pay for his lover's operat...
A couple of high school graduates spend one fin...
Recently paroled from prison, legendary burglar...
As a Civil War veteran spends years searching f...
1968 American war film about the formation and ...
Retired, wealthy sea Captain Jame McKay arrives...
Charles, a sixty-something career criminal, fre...
An FBI agent (Debra Winger) falls in love with ...
A biography of Woody Guthrie, one of America's ...
In March of 1945, as the War in Europe is comin...
A wagon master and a con-man preacher help free...
Languid look at the Gullah culture of the sea i...
Postulates the first manned trip to the moon, h...
Denis, a poor student in philosophy, works as a...
During the Nazi occupation of Czechoslovakia, s...
Frenchman Abel Tiffauges likes children, and wa...
In 1964, atomic war wipes out humanity in the n...
A mobster frames an innocent man for the killin...
The grunge girl band "No Exits" is just about t...
John Zinga is a black dockworker in England in ...
In this musical comedy, Paul Robeson stars as J...
In New York, armed men hijack a subway car and ...
Lawrence is a rich kid with a bad accent and a ...
New Orleans District Attorney Jim Garrison disc...
Harry Crumb is a bumbling and inept private inv...
Returning from a hunting trip in the forest, th...
Harry Burck has been kidnapped by South America...
Glendon Wasey is a fortune hunter looking for a...
An uptight New York tax lawyer gets his life tu...
A cunning and resourceful housewife vows reveng...
Aspiring composer Jim Sanders is engaged to spo...
When bachelor Walter Davis (Bruce Willis) is se...
Hairdresser Nadine Hightower wants to retrieve ...
Kermit the Frog is persuaded by agent Dom DeLui...
Kermit and Fozzie are newspaper reporters sent ...
When the Muppets graduate from Danhurst College...
Follow that bird Big Bird, of course for an ima...
Captain New Eyes travels back in time and feeds...
Paleontologist and her husband discover a mothe...
Two separate people, a man and a woman, find so...
To obtain a supply of a rare mineral, a ship ra...
Unhappily married, Julia Sturges decides to go ...
The sinking of the Titanic is presented in a hi...
A naval adventure, based on the novels by C.S. ...
                                No overview found.
A twice-divorced mother of three who sees an in...
After a teenager has a terrifying vision of him...
For the first time in 15 years, all four siblin...
A single mother determined to make it as a sing...
An orphan bear cub hooks up with an adult male ...
No-nonsense San Francisco industrial whiz Walte...
A widowed doctor of both Chinese and European d...
A dying man in his forties remembers his past. ...
Burt Lancaster plays a pirate with a taste for ...
Whilst on a short weekend getaway, Louise shoot...
An opportunistic young man working as a servant...
An ethical Baltimore defense lawyer disgusted w...
At a 1962 College, Dean Vernon Wormer is determ...
The story of Nola Darling's simultaneous sexual...
In the South of the United States are taking pl...
On the hottest day of the year on a street in t...
Opens with Bleek as a child learning to play th...
A successful and married black man contemplates...
Coogan (Clint Eastwood) an Arizona deputy sheri...
The more you love, the harder you fight.The wor...
Interviews with the public are used to put word...
A New York City architect becomes a one-man vig...
Paul Kersey is again a vigilante trying to find...
Paul Kersey returns to New York to visit his fr...
After the death of his girlfriend's daughter fr...
Paul Kersey is back at working vigilante justic...
Unsuspecting Mr. Dietrichson becomes increasing...
After she discovers that her boyfriend has betr...
Johnny, a freewheeling, motorcycle-riding music...
A quartet of mutated humanoid turtles clash wit...
The Turtles and the Shredder battle once again,...
The four turtles travel back in time to the day...
It is the mid-1980s. From out of the sky, Sovie...
An Indian Vietnam veteran trains five street pu...
Three American students vacationing in Finland,...
Frank Dux has entered the "kumite", an illegal ...
A famous fashion photographer develops a distur...
Tommy Fawkes wants to be a successful comedian ...
The story follows Wang Lung (Paul Muni), a humb...
Radio funny man Adrian Cronauer is sent to Viet...
After finding a sexually liberated boyfriend, a...
For decades, next-door neighbors and former fri...
Matt and Christina Drayton are a couple whose a...
Two warring gang families (one African-American...
A rich college kid is taught a lesson after a j...
A nerdy teen, Ryan Woodman is smitten with the ...
An introvert relieves the tedium of caring for ...
The story revolves around a blind boy named Moh...
A congressional candidate questions his sanity ...
Remake of the tale of an acclaimed matador who ...
The year is 1816. A sprawling villa in Switzerl...
Country singers on their way to Nashville have ...
Amidst a nuclear war, a plane carrying a group ...
The Tramp struggles to live in modern industria...
Sam and Dave are living the boring life until t...
A huge solar flare is predicted to fry the Eart...
A wealthy architect struggles with a severe cas...
A businessman is reunited with the four lost so...
Hud Bannon is a ruthless young man who tarnishe...
Fast Eddie Felson is a small-time pool hustler ...
This gripping adaptation of the Jerome Lawrence...
A military explorer meets and befriends a Goldi...
After an encounter with UFOs, a line worker fee...
A young coed (Nan Barlow) uses her winter vacat...
The European equivalent of "The Return of the S...
A psychiatrist makes multiple trips through tim...
An ambitious young man wins an heiress's heart ...
A traumatized Vietnam war veteran finds out tha...
The employees of an independent music store lea...
Biographical story of the rise from nowhere of ...
Captain Etienne Navarre is a man on whose shoul...
A socially inept fourteen year old experiences ...
When record store owner Rob Gordon gets dumped ...
After a failed swindle, two con-men end up with...
Luke's exultance at being selected for The Skul...
A pathology med student and a priest team up to...
An uptight, leather-clad female alien, armed wi...
Cole Thornton, a gunfighter for hire, joins for...
After exposure to radiation, an atomic research...
The boy who wasn't supposed to grow up—Peter Pa...
Mysterious and unearthly deaths start to occur ...
A feisty young woman accepts a mysterious offer...
Ahmed, son of Diana and Sheik Ahmed Ben Hassan,...
A series of sex murders shock a college campus,...
The murder of her father sends a teenage tomboy...
Sid and Nancy screenplay author Abbe Wool makes...
The relationship between a demanding piano teac...
An English teacher and struggling single mother...
Billy Hayes is caught attempting to smuggle dru...
Novelist Paul Sheldon crashes his car on a snow...
Buddy Young was the comic's comic, beloved by e...
Emma is a divorced woman with a teen aged boy w...
It seems that Bob Jones has everything a man co...
Ground control has been receiving strange trans...
A TV network cynically exploits a deranged ex-T...
Navy Lt. Tom Farrell meets a young woman, Susan...
A semi-fictional account of life as a professio...
Felix Ungar has just broken up with his wife. D...
After avenging his family's brutal murder, Wale...
Rich Bower is an up-and-coming star in the hip-...
When a rare phenomenon gives police officer Joh...
Two slacker wrestling fans are devastated by th...
It took a lot of cajoling to get Bob (Duchovny)...
Part war movie, part courtroom thriller, this g...
Around 1940, New Yorker staff writer Joe Mitche...
Pamela Drury is unhappy, and alone. On her birt...
A modern-day witch likes her neighbor but despi...
Mathias, an Alsatian innkeeper, murders a rich ...
Mike Max is a Hollywood producer who became pow...
Mallory and Miller are back. The survivors of N...
When he's stationed in Tahiti, a sailor hires a...
Three stories are connected by a Memphis hotel ...
The story of two anarchists who were charged an...
When a small Irish town is terrorized by a corr...
Arthur is the most quotable drunk millionaire t...
This outrageously funny look at one man's final...
The story of the Buckman family and friends, at...
Dutch and his group of commandos are hired by t...
A troubled man talks to his suicidal sister's p...
This remake of the 1946 movie of the same name ...
"Smoking" and "No Smoking" are two segments of ...
Anna, a French actress, is approached by financ...
While performing in a touring kabuki troupe, le...
After getting into a car accident while drunk o...
A wealthy New York investment banking executive...
Best friends since they were kids, Rabbi Jacob ...
Carol Ann MacKay is a popular nurse at a retire...
In 1971 Salford fish-and-chip shop owner George...
Julien Temple's second documentary profiling pu...
When Marie, a widow in Provence with two daught...
Loose cannon cop Capone returns to his home tow...
A psychiatrist secretly films his female patien...
Set in 1959, Diner shows how five young men res...
Shakes plods about his duties as party clown, a...
Inside the Kit Kat Club of 1931 Berlin, starry-...
Two aging film actresses live as virtual reclus...
Stephen Frears directs this biographical drama ...
Ten-year-old orphan Patrick Dennis has come to ...
In New York, a gambler is challenged to take a ...
Miriam and John are an elegant couple with a da...
A graduate student and obsessive runner in New ...
At an exclusive country club, an ambitious youn...
On a beautiful college campus, something ugly i...
A young African-American couple navigates the t...
In the midst of World War II, the battle under ...
A group of male friends become obsessed with fi...
A big city cop from LA moves to a small town po...
A cook turns to theft so she and her lover can ...
A fading music hall comedian tries to help a de...
A young man has an affair with an older woman. ...
Everyone has a talent, and dreams do come true....
After her husband, Carl (Luke Wilson), suddenly...
Alex Corvis returns to the world of the living ...
The Flintstones are at it again. The Flintstone...
Novalee Nation is a 17-year-old Tennessee trans...
Three salesmen working for a firm that makes in...
Bossa Nova is a romantic comedy that enfolds ma...
Two brothers share a house in LA's Fairfax dist...
With his first Dogma-95 film director Lars von ...
In 1920s Ireland, an elderly couple reside over...
A production company begins casting for its nex...
After being driven to extinction, great bloodth...
A team of scientists go to a nuclear mining fac...
International terrorists get a surprise when th...
John Keitel wrote the film based on his persona...
An alien is on the run in America. To get his k...
A young Southern débutante temporarily abandons...
In the year 180, the death of emperor Marcus Au...
Inspired by the true story of indomitable Kuki ...
Superficial people are revealed and drastically...
All that exists now is clubs, drugs, pubs and p...
Jails, Hospitals &amp; Hip-Hop is a cinematic t...
Live scenes of Paris and a continuity Narrator ...
Jesse has to get out of Las Vegas quickly, and ...
During the Civil War, a Union spy, Andrews, is ...
Based on the life of rock promoter/producer Bob...
A young man returns from Rome to his sister's s...
Jason Staebler lives on the Boardwalk and front...
A young hero defeats a dragon to find acceptanc...
Directed by Martin Davidson and Stephen Verona,...
Jack and Caroline are a couple making a decent ...
On planet Perdide, an attack of giant hornets l...
In the year 3000, man is no match for the Psych...
A group of 12 teenagers from various background...
While they're on vacation in the Southwest, Rae...
A chauffeur kidnaps his rich boss's dog to hold...
Three to one may sound like fairly good odds, b...
Modern day adaptation of Shakespeare's immortal...
Two sailors, Joe (Kelly) and Clarence (Sinatra)...
Chad Gates has just gotten out of the Army, and...
Wayward Texas cowboy (James Garner) washes up o...
In Frankfurt, the G.I. Tulsa McLean (Elvis Pres...
Danny and Elliot avoid military service by pret...
Based on the Broadway hit about the life and ti...
Danny Fisher, young delinquent, flunks out of h...
Three sailors - Gabey, Chip and Ozzie - let loo...
An Army deserter (James Garner) flees by camel ...
The eccentric and childish Pee-wee Herman embar...
In this film made over ten years, filmmaker Bar...
Elvis plays a bad-boy singer roaming the highwa...
Live-action segments show members of the Disney...
In the tiny kingdom of Euphrania, the King and ...
Jerry, a misfit Mafia henchman, is assigned the...
On her deathbed, a mother makes her son promise...
An orphaned dinosaur raised by lemurs joins an ...
On a university scholarship, a good natured stu...
Four friends take off on an 1800 mile road trip...
A loser of a crook and his wife strike it rich ...
Led by their comedic and pranking leader, Newbo...
When a New England dysfunctional family gathers...
A young woman left her family for an unspecifie...
A treasure hunt. An aging ex-nobleman of the Cz...
With computer genius Luther Stickell at his sid...
Chon Wang, a clumsy imperial guard trails Princ...
A documentary about the Electronic Dance moveme...
After the death of his wife, wealthy businessma...
Mary Henry ends up the sole survivor of a fatal...
Jim Gordon commands a unit of the famed Flying ...
A lone prospector ventures into Alaska looking ...
Lisa is a tourist in an ancient city. When she ...
When hordes of gays and lesbians come out "of t...
The film is about an unemployed banker, Henri V...
James Bond tracks archnemesis Ernst Blofeld to ...
A U.S. Army general alerts the president of a p...
Russian and British submarines with nuclear mis...
Friends of painter Jean-Baptiste Emmerich gathe...
Mona Bergeron is dead, her frozen body found in...
During the transportation of a Space Shuttle a ...
A golden bullet has 007 engraved on it as it sm...
Due to a revolution in his country, King Shahdo...
When Marie St. Clair believes she has been jilt...
Boston pharmacist Tom Craig comes to Sacramento...
Construction workers in World War II in the Pac...
When transplanted Texan Bob Seton arrives in La...
Agnès Varda eloquently captures Paris in the si...
When a street-smart FBI agent is sent to Georgi...
The tale of the extraordinary life and times of...
A kindly English botanist and a gruff American ...
Julian makes a lucrative living as an escort to...
This gruesome horror film is about a mother-fix...
A young husband's sexual fantasies frighten his...
A young woman has visions that suggest the erup...
The Endless Summer, by Bruce Brown, is one of t...
A team of allied saboteurs are assigned an impo...
A group of men hire some prostitutes and go to ...
A woman helps the police catch the serial kille...
Albert Lewin's interpretation of the legend of ...
An ancient Martian spaceship is unearthed in Lo...
Quatermass is the director of an important scie...
Toulon, a puppet maker, discovers an ancient Eg...
The puppets return, this time they hunt some Pa...
Set in Berlin during WWII, the Nazi regime is a...
A young scientist working on an artificial inte...
The puppets battle their most powerful enemy ye...
Robert "Tank" begins to work for Dr. Magrew scu...
Toulon runs a puppet theatre in the heart of Pa...
When call-girl Della gets caught in the middle ...
Director Franco Zeffirelli's beloved version of...
Salesman Roy Knable spends all his free time wa...
War correspondent Ernie Pyle joins Company C, 1...
A town – where everyone seems to be named Johns...
         A stray dog saves two kidnapped children.
Benji has become stranded on a remote island af...
Benji is lost and becomes a stray animal in Ath...
Two talented song-and-dance men team up after t...
Henry Spencer tries to survive his industrial e...
This is a paralyzingly beautiful documentary wi...
Frankie is a heroin addict and sits in prison. ...
The Los Angeles punk music scene circa 1980 is ...
An exploration of the heavy metal scene in Los ...
Two bounty hunters are in pursuit of "El Indio,...
"Dirty" Harry Calahan is a San Francisco Police...
The owner of a seedy small-town Texas bar disco...
Frank and Jack Baker are professional musicians...
A professional hit man and hit woman fall in lo...
Five medical students want to find out if there...
René Laloux, created Gandahar, his final animat...
Set in 1954, a group of Florida high schoolers ...
When the students of Angel Beach High decide to...
As graduation nears for the class of 1955 at An...
Private-school student Christine loves Jim. But...
The pupils at a high school next to a nuclear p...
Tromaville has a monstrous new hero. The Toxic ...
The Toxic Avenger is lured to Tokyo, Japan by t...
Toxie finds he has nothing to do as a superhero...
In 1959, an alien experiment crashes to earth a...
Ten years after a band of mercenaries first bat...
By 2017, the global economy has collapsed and A...
An alien takes the form of a young widow's husb...
An alien slave crashes lands in New York city w...
A few years from now, Earth will have the first...
In a dystopian future Australia, a vicious bike...
Max Rockatansky returns as the heroic loner who...
Mad Max becomes a pawn in a decadent oasis of a...
A FBI informant has kept his new identity secre...
The down-and-out private detective Harry Angel ...
An erotic story about a woman, the assistant of...
As youths, Andy McGee (David Keith) and his fut...
A mother-and-son team of strange supernatural c...
Vengence drives a tough Detroit cop to stay on ...
The plot centers on students involved in the So...
Celeste Talbert is the star of the long-running...
Two women, black and white, in 1955 Montgomery ...
David is a teenager whose parents are in a dete...
Bernice "Bernie" Rhodenbarr is a burglar by tra...
Rita Rizzoli is a narcotics cop with a plethora...
Upon learning that he has to come out of retire...
Street pimps, all of them African-American, dis...
An update of the classic Shakespeare story, dir...
The fate of a Hungarian Jewish family throughou...
Emily Watson stars as Trixie, an eccentric woma...
When your father is a pornographer, what can yo...
Hamlet, Prince of Denmark, finds out that his u...
The wife of a Marine serving in Vietnam, Sally ...
American Pop is an American animated film that ...
The lone inhabitants of an abandoned police sta...
A mid-western farm boy reluctantly becomes a me...
Following a series of drug deals and murders, t...
Cool black private eye John Shaft is hired by a...
Surveillance expert Harry Caul (Gene Hackman) i...
Richard spots a man dumping a body, and decides...
A government agent is determined to come to his...
A first-year law student struggles with balanci...
New York City detective Daniel Ciello agrees to...
The real-life struggle of an honest New York Ci...
A frustrated former big-city journalist now stu...
A fiercely independent cowboy arranges to have ...
Married small-time crooks Lou-Jean and Clovis P...
Trouble in Paradise is one of the most importan...
When trucker, Jack Burton agreed to take his fr...
Dramatization of the Starkweather-Fugate killin...
A dramatized account of a great Russian naval m...
Ryan and Jennifer are opposites who definitely ...
New York police detective John Shaft arrests Wa...
A young man finds out that he holds the key to ...
The film centres on Moncho and his coming-of-ag...
A young man turns from drug addiction and petty...
The Match is a romantic comedy set against the ...
Marcel Proust (1871-1922) is on his deathbed. L...
Tommy, a talented Puerto Rican painter living i...
Having been hopelessly repressed and facing eve...
Rhode Island State Trooper Charlie Baileygates ...
After proving himself on the field of battle in...
Rocky and Bullwinkle have been living off the f...
In October 1991, a confluence of weather condit...
An intricately plotted tale of thwarted love an...
A young psychiatrist applies for a job at a men...
A novelist's wife and son see him changed by an...
Jiminy Cricket hosts two Disney animated shorts...
A series of loosely connected skits that spoof ...
Based on the true life experiences of poet Jimm...
A young woman discovers she is the daughter of ...
A movies special effects man is hired by a gove...
F/X man Rollie Tyler is now a toymaker. Mike, t...
A loner moves in to a small Texas town, finds h...
American servicemen are still being held captiv...
Prequel to the first Missing In Action, set in ...
When Colonel James Braddock is told that his As...
With the help of an irreverent young sidekick, ...
A government funded project looks into using ps...
Sinbad and his crew intercept a homunculus carr...
A madman haunted by the ghost of his ex-wife ca...
Young Kid has been invited to a party at his fr...
Kid'N'Play leave their neighborhood and enter t...
In the tradition of Fantasia, Make Mine Music i...
Melody Time is an animated feature produced by ...
A street sweeper who cleans up after grisly acc...
Oliver Pease gets a dose of courage from his wi...
In the future (1970) the US sends a mission to ...
Astronauts blast off to explore the moon on Roc...
Detective John Shaft travels incognito to Ethio...
John Shaft is back as the lady-loved black dete...
Jack Manfred is an aspiring writer who to make ...
Powerful businessman Russ Duritz is self-absorb...
Following on the heels of popular teen-scream h...
Megan is an all-American girl. A cheerleader. S...
An aged father and his younger, mentally challe...
A successful mod photographer in London whose w...
A Jewish pawnbroker, a victim of Nazi persecuti...
An inside look into one night in the San Franci...
When teenager Ren and his family move from big-...
Beautiful half-breed Pearl Chavez becomes the w...
Two mutants, Rogue and Wolverine, come to a pri...
Buck is a man-child who has lived his existence...
Three sets of tenants in a live/work building h...
A vampire in London is searching for the ideal ...
A mentally disturbed young woman takes a job at...
When Claire Spencer starts hearing ghostly voic...
Ash Ketchum must put his skill to the test when...
After a perverted impulse drives them to kill, ...
The film pits a humble small-town lawyer agains...
Time-traveling bounty hunters find a doomed rac...
A parable based on the life of Christ. This ain...
Four girls spurned by the popular Sorority on c...
George Romero's unusual story of a modern-day R...
The gangster Colorado kidnaps Marshal McKenna. ...
Princess Farah refuses to marry Sinbad until Pr...
Cesira and her 13-year-old daughter, Rosetta, f...
Before going on vacation, self-involved psychia...
A small southwestern town sheriff finds a body ...
During the Boer War, three Australian lieutenan...
A collection of seven vignettes, which each add...
A look at a dysfunctional family dominated by t...
Set in 19th-century Russia, Allen is a cowardly...
After the end of the Dirty War, a high school t...
The Other Side of Sunday, also known in Norwegi...
Jimmy, the owner of a failed music shop, goes t...
A pair of truck drivers happen onto a decrepit ...
Mr. Conductor's supply of magic gold dust, whic...
The hilarity begins when professor Sherman Klum...
It's night on a Paris bridge. A girl leans over...
There's little wonder in the working-class live...
Autumn in New York follows the sexual exploits ...
Graced with a velvet voice, 21-year-old Violet ...
Cocky researcher, Sebastian Caine is working on...
Frank Corvin, ‘Hawk’ Hawkins, Jerry O'Neill and...
A comedy about families, the elements that bind...
High school student tries to improve soccer ski...
Spoof of 1960's Beach Party/Gidget surfing movi...
Unexpectedly widowed, prim and proper housewife...
Black Sabbath is a 1963 Italian horror film dir...
Dr. Bill Cortner (Jason Evers) and his fiancée,...
An idealistic, modern-day cowboy struggles to k...
A precocious and obsessive teenager develops a ...
A misfit group of World War II American soldier...
Mike, after his release from a psychiatric hosp...
The Tall Man, that imposing menace from Morning...
Taking off immediately where the last one ended...
A man conjures up a gigantic vengeance demon ca...
Air America was the CIA's private airline opera...
Slightly disturbed and painfully shy Angela Bak...
This heart wrenching drama is about a beauty sh...
Juliette Hardy is sexual dynamite, and has the ...
To inherit his mother-in-law's colossal fortune...
Ilsa is a warden at a Nazi death camp that cond...
An autistic boy witnesses his parents' double m...
In 1916, beautiful young mute Helen is a domest...
As Aunt Alice, Ruth Gordon applies for the job ...
November, 1999, Margaret Cho is home in San Fra...
Underachieving, overweight kindergarten teacher...
A 10 year old gifted boy wants to be a jazz pia...
Berlin 1943/44 ("The Battle of Berlin"). Felice...
They recount their impressions to the Interview...
When a school bus driving woman (Tyne Daly) has...
When Maggie's sister Jenna saddles her with an ...
An insane independent film director and his ren...
A documentary look, mostly through the eyes of ...
Vic is a struggling auto mechanic with a safe-c...
Maverick old-guard coach Jimmy McGinty is hired...
A waitress falls for a handsome customer who se...
A psychotherapist journeys inside a comatose se...
Godzilla saves Tokyo from a flying saucer that ...
The Original Kings of Comedy achieves the seemi...
A day in Hollywood, 1972, with young people loo...
A rich cross-section of urban USA find their li...
When the incompetent Officer Frank Drebin seeks...
Bumbling cop Frank Drebin is out to foil the bi...
Change comes slowly to a small New Hampshire to...
A weary gunfighter attempts to settle down with...
The only son of wealthy widow Violet Venable di...
A woman seeking revenge for her murdered father...
Dr. Henry Harriston is a successful psychoanaly...
The powers of good are pitted against the force...
Tom and Jerry are two hit men, they work by day...
After losing a powerful orb, Kara, Superman's c...
After a mysterious explosion leaves a large fis...
When ruthless terrorists threaten to bring down...
With the help of her mother, family, friends, a...
Bittersweet Motel is a documentary about the po...
The Toro cheerleading squad from Rancho Carne H...
An African American couple (Winfield and Alice)...
Four retired mobsters plan one last crime to sa...
When her rather explicit copy is rejected, maga...
Five years after Yippie founder Abbie Hoffman g...
                                No overview found.
A woman (Jennifer Jason Leigh) and her son (Bug...
Immortals Connor and Duncan Macleod join forces...
If you ever wanted to know what really goes on ...
Trying to bootstrap his way out of Brooklyn's m...
Medical student Paula Henning wins a place at a...
What happens when a person decides that life is...
Maria, whose parents live in the country, canno...
FBI agent Joel Campbell, burnt-out and shell-sh...
Parker and Longbaugh are a pair of low-level pe...
Almost Famous is an autobiographical inspired f...
Landing in jail for a petty theft crime, Alvin ...
Bruno, a sadistic criminal, wants clever con ma...
This is a contemporary fable loosely based on F...
Duets is a road-trip comedy which revolves arou...
Francisco Goya (1746-1828), deaf and ill, lives...
Charlie takes an odyssey through grief during a...
During a small gathering, a smooth, seductive s...
America's 7th Best Superhero Team, the Specials...
A lawyer is asked to come to the police station...
A young boy sets out to find his mother. After ...
The making of a horror movie takes on a terrify...
Set to the intoxicating rhythms of Brazil, "Wom...
Selma, a Czech immigrant on the verge of blindn...
The tension is palpable, the excitement is moun...
Determined to win the Miss American Miss pagean...
A rockumentary about the Canadian rock band Bar...
A group of friends search for fun, love and ult...
Diana Guzman begins to train as a boxer and ach...
After leading his football team to 15 winning s...
Larry and his wife, Julia move into an old hous...
Doctor Channard is sent a new patient, a girl w...
Pinhead is trapped in a sculpture and fortunate...
The film opens with the angel Cassiel (Otto San...
Anthropology Professor Robert Orwell Sutwell an...
A millionaire sets out to prove his theory that...
Fifteen years after his father's experiments wi...
A Martian teenager sent to prepare for an invas...
Rootless Hungarian émigré Willie, his pal Eddie...
The crew of an atomic submarine battle to save ...
The science of miniaturization has been unlocke...
Two hapless frieght handlers find themselves en...
Egbert Sousé becomes an unexpected hero when a ...
A scientific expedition searching for fossils a...
A small town in Texas finds itself under attack...
Working in Dr. Cranley's laboratory, scientist ...
Trapped on a remote island by a hurricane, a gr...
Scientists investigate what appears to be a met...
Pit violinist Claudin hopelessly loves rising o...
In the near future, a police officer specialize...
An 18-year-old high school girl is left at home...
Courtney, the sister of a survivor from the 1st...
After a hard day of volleyball at the beach, a ...
A little girl's brother kills the whole family ...
Five college women buy the old Hokstedter place...
TV producer Pierre Delacroix (Damon Wayans) bec...
Sean Odkin loves to dance much to his fathers d...
The first story focused on Tai and Kari Kamiya ...
Remake of the Michael Caine classic. Jack Carte...
Michael Caine is Jack Carter, a small-time hood...
Greg Focker is ready to marry his girlfriend, P...
The hopes and dreams of four ambitious people a...
A group of recruits go through Advanced Infantr...
Buddy Visalo (Michael Rispoli) is a factory wor...
Political thriller about Laine Hanson's nominat...
Dr. Sullivan Travis is a man at the top of his ...
It's 1955. Lenny is a 14-year old boy who is to...
Because of his salacious language, late-night r...
A small group of Catholics led by an ailing pri...
Ex-Green Beret hapkido expert saves wild horses...
After a senator suddenly dies after completing ...
A Victorian Englishman travels to the far futur...
Professor David Ash exposes false spiritulists ...
A young man and his girlfriend move into the ma...
Ghoulies II picks up a short time after the fir...
Majestic mountains are in the background and a ...
The Wind in the Willows: Concise version of Ken...
A ruthless, domineering woman is married to an ...
Al Roberts, a New York nightclub pianist, hitch...
Set against the background of the 1984 Miner's ...
Elliot Richardson, suicidal techno geek, is giv...
Like some other kids, 12-year-old Trevor McKinn...
A young woman inherits an old hotel in Louisian...
Don Knotts and Tim Conway star in The Private E...
Returning home with his father after a shopping...
Young adults become fascinated by the events of...
Based on the popular books, the story tells of ...
Russ Richards is a TV weatherman and local cele...
A young girl is plucked from small-town obscuri...
Aspects of this take on the 1970s hit TV series...
World War I has left golfer Rannulph Junuh a po...
After the lord of darkness decides he will not ...
Against formidable odds -- and an old-school di...
Astronauts search for solutions to save a dying...
In LA's Fairfax district, where ethnic groups a...
A single mother's life is thrown into turmoil a...
Diamonds are stolen only to be sold again in th...
When the Nazi high command learns in late 1943 ...
Futuristic action about a man who meets a clone...
A man switches plane tickets with another man w...
Inside a snowflake exists the magical land of W...
The full story of the 1972 Munich Olympics Mass...
The Rugrats are back! There's Tommy the brave o...
Get ready for a howling good time as an all new...
On the day in 1940 that Italy enters the war, t...
A nobleman with a literary flair, the Marquis d...
An ordinary man makes an extraordinary discover...
Jason Gould satirizes coming out in Hollywood i...
Two warriors in pursuit of a stolen sword and a...
The classic role-playing game comes to life in ...
Alice hires a professional negotiator to obtain...
Trapped near the summit of K2, the world's seco...
The familiar story of Lieutenant Bligh, whose c...
A Chicago cop is caught in a middle of a gang w...
A man must struggle to travel home for Thanksgi...
Jake and Kristy Briggs are newlyweds. Being you...
Javi and his friend Carlos visit an old house o...
James Bond helps a Russian General escape into ...
The Autobots must stop a colossal planet-consum...
A young and impatient stockbroker is willing to...
The biography of Ron Kovic. Paralyzed in the Vi...
A rude, contemptuous talk show host becomes ove...
Brewster, an aging minor-league baseball player...
The second film from British director Guy Ritch...
Lilah Krytsick is a mother and housewife who's ...
Mr Accident is a satirical, romantic rocket rid...
A fable of emotional liberation and chocolate. ...
Jesse and Chester, two bumbling stoners, wake u...
Kuzco is a self-centered emperor who summons Pa...
In August of 1949, Life Magazine ran a banner h...
Advertising executive Nick Marshall is as cocky...
Gus van Sant tells the story of a young African...
When a local woman disappears and the police ca...
Spanning several decades, this powerful biopic ...
Chuck, a top international manager for FedEx, a...
Jack's lavish, fast-paced lifestyle changes one...
A woman risks losing her chance of happiness wi...
When the local FBI office receives a letter fro...
Over the next 72 days, Detective Woo will push ...
In the deep south during the 1930s, three escap...
After being denied a promotion at the universit...
A Hollywood Film unit invades a small Vermont t...
In the millenium version of this classic Gothic...
The year is 1949. A young Texan named John Grad...
Colin (Barry McEvoy) is a Catholic and George (...
Dramatisation of the Cuban Missile Crisis, the ...
An exploration of the United States of America'...
A prospector sells his wife and daughter to ano...
Director F.W. Murnau (John Malkovich) makes a F...
A psychiatrist comes to the aid of a compulsive...
After Faye and her psychotic boyfriend, Vince, ...
An orphan in a facility run by the mean Miss Ha...
Sue Ellen Crandell is a teenager eagerly awaiti...
Zack Mayo is a young man who has signed up for ...
The legendary true story of a small band of sol...
Based upon the true story of Bruce Johnston Sr....
Truck driver searches for his brother, who has ...
At the height of the frontier era, a train race...
The story of a family of Quakers in Indiana in ...
Summer 1863. The Confederacy pushes north into ...
A recently widowed, small-time hustler struggle...
Jack McKee and Cecil Colson are two bumbling dr...
According to local legend, the ghosts of tortur...
A computer programmer's dream job at a hot Port...
The governor of a Mexican state is assassinated...
A white midwestern girl moves to Chicago, where...
Alex is going through a midlife crisis and it h...
A police chief about to retire pledges to help ...
What would you wish for if you were eleven and ...
The Personals is a movie for anyone who hasn't ...
Four sisters who disagree about everything... e...
Dallas housewife Lurene Hallett's life revolves...
Maureen Trant and her younger sibling Dani shar...
Three teenage girls come of age while working a...
A couple fall in love despite the girl's pessim...
After her younger sister gets involved in drugs...
A voluptuous black woman takes a job as a high-...
Jack Spade returns from the army in his old ghe...
Caroline, a young waitress who seems to have ba...
When Jack (James Marsden) and Diane (Marley She...
Mary Fiore, San Francisco's premiere wedding pl...
Amy's father, Franco, was a popular rock musici...
Eddie (Marc) and Miles (DuPlessis) are teen run...
Scripted by Ingmar Bergman, this very personal ...
After learning that her sister, Faith (Cameron ...
Rita Vogt is a radical West German terrorist wh...
Kom is from a tribe of monkeys who live in a ca...
After a long lonely period of involuntary celib...
Harry knew Michel in high school; they meet aga...
Chuck Murdock, a 12-year-old boy from Montana a...
Acclaimed director John Landis (Animal House, T...
The life of super-yuppie J.C. is thrown into tu...
Cowabunga! The surfing '60s ride into the new w...
Downtrodden writer Henry and distressed goddess...
Hit man Cleve approaches writer/cop Dennis abou...
Detroit cop, Axel Foley heads for the land of s...
Tough-talking Detroit cop Axel Foley heads to t...
Remy McSwain is a New Orleans police lieutenant...
Following the death of his father, suburbanite ...
It is 1957. J.C. Cullen is a young man from a s...
Rudy, an American of Hispanic descent, whose so...
A group of dated appliances find themselves str...
Nerdy high schooler Ronald Miller rescues cheer...
When successful businessman Sam Treadwell finds...
An obsessive, insubordinate homicide cop is con...
Eddie is a con artist. But this time he's frame...
A dramatic story, based on actual events, about...
A woman tries to attract her reincarnated lover...
A fledgling actress is lured to a remote mansio...
An all-Irish cast (including Donal McCann, Rach...
Gunnery Sergeant Burns reports for duty to an A...
As not-quite-orderlies who're downright Disorde...
The place is Melbourne, Australia 1978. The pun...
Eddie Murphy delights, shocks and entertains wi...
Jamie Graham, a privileged English boy, is livi...
A group of juvenile criminals is sent for vacat...
When a group of college students finds a myster...
A Texas Ranger and a ruthless narcotics kingpin...
An emotionally constrained view of the displace...
A psychotic young man returns to his old neighb...
After the death of her husband, a mother takes ...
Plan Aurora, led by Kim Philby is a plan that b...
A sergeant must deal with his desires to save t...
Julia, an American woman living in Italy, becom...
A son longs to escape from his stifling home, w...
After the bankruptcy of their father's stonemas...
A very successful stock broker is called to cou...
Aspiring actor and hot-dog stand employee Bobby...
British writer/director John Boorman (The Emera...
Young Danny is following his rich girlfriend's ...
In the Pacific Northwest during the 1950s, two ...
A "devilish" tale about an ordinary guy who is ...
Test pilot Tuck Pendleton volunteers to test a ...
Albany, New York, Halloween, 1938. Francis Phel...
Two terrible lounge singers get booked to play ...
After another deadly shark attack, Ellen Brody ...
After separating from his wife, Leonard Parker ...
A college freshman returns to Los Angeles for t...
Dr. Jack Hammond has best chances to become med...
A mother and her two teenage sons move to a see...
A romantic, occasionally funny, drama about two...
Spoiled Jessie Montgomery, whose wild behavior ...
A reclusive scientist builds a robot that looks...
Jonathan Switcher, an unemployed artist, finds ...
The world of Eternia in the aftermath of Skelet...
A dying man in a roadside diner tells the other...
Count Dracula adjourns to Earth, accompanied by...
Set in the early 1920s, the film follows Tom Bi...
After seven years in boarding school, Morgan St...
Denny has yet again been left by her thug boyfr...
A rookie cop goes undercover to infiltrate a ga...
On a small stretch of coastline as powerful as ...
Ordinary single girl Amanda Pierce (Monica Pott...
Rayford Steele is an airline pilot whose relati...
Five friends are stalked and murdered by a mask...
A melancholy story about the love between a wom...
A struggling artist is implicated in a string o...
The Million Dollar Hotel starts with a jump fro...
A Spanish coming of age story focusing on the a...
After having successfully eluded the authoritie...
A pair of buddies conspire to save their best f...
Under the influence of signs and premonitions, ...
Agnès Jaoui co-writes and directs this romantic...
In 1671, with war brewing with Holland, a penni...
After dying before his time, an aspiring comic ...
Recess: School's Out is a 2001 animated film ba...
Nelson is a man devoted to his advertising care...
Set in the 1960's, a school teacher pretends to...
New Zealand milk farmer Rob gives his lover Luc...
After a car crash sends repressed cartoonist St...
It was an ingenious enough plan: rob the Rivier...
In 1850, on the isolated French island of Saint...
Jerry Welbach, a reluctant bagman, has been giv...
A drug sniffing agent canine is a target for an...
Former champion boxer Orlando Leone (Carmen) is...
In this spine-tingling and visually stunning th...
A true story that comically depicts the relatio...
A TV program selects people at random to kill o...
When Eastern European criminals Oleg and Emil c...
When Berke Landers, a popular high school baske...
The annual British Hairdressing Championship co...
Alex and Elliot an unlikely pair connect to wri...
This documentary tells four stories of Aparthei...
Simon is an outcast from his Jewish community b...
A teacher meets a woman who turns out to be a t...
Avalon is the third in Levinson's semi-autobiog...
The film documents, in an often dramatic and hu...
This film tells the story of professor Uehida H...
Jane Marple solves the mystery when a local wom...
A mentally retarded giant and his level headed ...
Pixote, a 10-year-old runaway boy, is arrested ...
Jenny is sent to a women's reform school. It is...
The story of Ivan and Josh, two dim witted ex-s...
The new guy (James Spader) in a Los Angeles hig...
After serving time for murder, Josh Hutton retu...
An Episcopal Bishop, Henry Brougham, has been w...
This 1970 concert documentary captures Elvis Pr...
A cameraman is knocked over during a football g...
An unemployed construction worker (Homer Smith)...
The inimitable Danny Kaye stars as famed storyt...
         All-star epic retelling of Christ's life.
An ex-football player becomes a popular evangel...
The film tells the story of a young man who lea...
The story picks up at the point where "The Robe...
Two rural teens sing and dance their way throug...
Joan Webster is an ambitious and stubborn middl...
Famous organist Anton Phibes is horribly disfig...
A young man visits his fiancé's estate to disco...
A pushy, narcissistic filmmaker persuades a Pho...
A young farmer assembles a band of diverse merc...
The Canadian policeman Louis Burke is assigned ...
Jean Claude Van Damme plays a dual role as Alex...
Wendell Lawson has only six months to live. Not...
Police in Boston search for a mad bomber trying...
It's the lawless future, and renegade biker Har...
Set in 1965, four Los Angeles school friends --...
Fifteen-year-old Charlotte Flax is tired of her...
Police chief Xavier Quinn investigates the grue...
A black comedy about vanity and lust in contemp...
Based on the true story of Jim and Artie Mitche...
FBI Agent Will Graham, who retired after catchi...
Wealthy Sunny von Bülow lies brain-dead, husban...
As Hercule Poirot enjoys a luxurious cruise dow...
The crew of an experimental underwater nuclear ...
At Adams College, the jocks rule the school fro...
The members of the Lambda Lambda Lambda fratern...
Longtime Companion follows the lives of a small...
On September 15, 1963, a bomb destroyed a black...
A group of high school friends discover that th...
Janey is new in town, and soon meets Lynne, who...
In this rough-and-tumble yarn, actually filmed ...
When the Texas Southern Armadillos football tea...
A rash of bizarre murders in New York City seem...
Enemy at the Gates is a war film from Jean-Jacq...
Maverick cop Orin Boyd always brings down the d...
The true story of how the Parkes Radio Telescop...
Suffering short-term memory loss after a head i...
This is the story of four African-American "yup...
Max and Page are a brilliant mother/daughter co...
Boy meets girl; boy falls in love (and had wild...
While riding the bus one day, night watchman Ja...
Jane Goodale has everything going for her. She'...
Carmen and Juni think their parents are boring....
College buddies chip in and promise that the gr...
A British spy is banished to Panama after havin...
Three different people in Mexico City are catap...
In 1955, Tobias Schneebaum disappeared into the...
Varda focuses her eye on gleaners: those who sc...
When a teacher kidnaps a girl from a prestigiou...
A boy named George Jung grows up in a strugglin...
A knight and his valet are plagued by a witch, ...
When Molly Hale's sadness of her father's disap...
When Petula and Dorothy cover up the accidental...
Wes Clayton is a lawman and a bishop in a Mormo...
A girl reaches the age of nine and is supposed ...
Beijing, 1902: an enterprising young portrait p...
A chaotic Bridget Jones meets a snobbish lawyer...
Joe Dirt is a janitor with a mullet hairdo, aci...
Josie, Melody and Val are three small-town girl...
The documentary, Kingdom Come follows a first-t...
An ancient skeleton has been discovered in Jeru...
The true and intense story of Mark 'Chopper' Re...
Various women struggle to function in the oppre...
Coming-of-age tale set aboard a shipping freigh...
After settling in the tiny Australian town of W...
An unemployed cartoonist moves back in with his...
A couple checks into a suite in Las Vegas. In f...
                                               NaN
Frank is a restless young man in his late twent...
Based upon the novel by Vladimir Nabokov, a che...
A young man dying in prison brings his family t...
1952: Bishop Bilodeau visits a québécois prison...
After getting a green card in exchange for assa...
An alcoholic falls in love with and gets marrie...
Talented rookie race-car driver Jimmy Bly has s...
A young man is in a race against time as he sea...
Every man has a different recollection of the b...
Porter Stoddard is a well-known New York archit...
After a night of drinking Guiness at the local ...
Rick and Evelyn O'Connell, along with their 8 y...
In Kyushu, southwest Japan, one hot summer morn...
Set in a dilapidated indoor swimming pool (the ...
When her husband goes missing at the beach, a f...
Historical epic. The triumphs and tragedy of th...
A prince and a fellowship of companions set out...
David and Linda Howard are successful yuppies f...
The first film adaptation of Sir Arthur Conan D...
The propaganda film of the 1934 Nazi Party rall...
Eddie Dodd is a burnt out former civil rights l...
Based on the John Irving novel, this film chron...
Based on Terry Southern's satirical novel, a se...
A series of disjointed mythical tales set in fi...
A virtually plotless, gaudy, impressionistic po...
Elvis plays Johnny, a riverboat entertainer wit...
When Johnny is released from prison following a...
The story is located in Los Angeles in the sixt...
Hollywood producer Alexander Meyerheimer has hi...
A writer leaves his upper-class life and journe...
A businessman finds himself trapped at a hotel ...
With the help of the singer and dancer Dixie Le...
Frank Hart is a pig. He takes advantage in the ...
Norma Rae is a southern textile worker employed...
Jack Chester, an overworked air traffic control...
Young Bart Collins lives with his widowed mothe...
A witness to a mob assassination flees for her ...
Harvard Law student Oliver Barrett IV and music...
The end of the 19th century. A boat filled with...
Out of prison after a five-year stretch, jewel ...
William Thatcher, a peasant, is sent to apprent...
Maya is a quick-witted young woman who comes ov...
A film featuring performances of several stars ...
Stranded in the heat of a barren African desert...
"Sordid Lives" is about a family in a small Tex...
Friends since high school, 20-somethings Kaleil...
A story about a seemingly unlikely couple who c...
It ain't easy bein' green -- especially if you'...
How important is the truth when falling in love...
A celebration of love and creative inspiration ...
Talia runs away from home taking her beloved do...
The lifelong friendship between Rafe McCawley a...
A few months after a girl with developmental di...
As the denizens of a Tibetan village prepare fo...
A young refugee travels from Russia to America ...
Focusing on the bonding between three female (a...
Mike is romantic and persistent, a social worke...
A young girl is on top of the world until a tra...
Unlucky in love, chemist Paul Matthews visits g...
Substance-addicted Hollywood actress Suzanne Va...
Following the surrender of Geronimo, Massai, th...
Buffalo Bill plans to put on his own Wild West ...
New York meets the west in this comedy starring...
The great Chicago White Sox team of 1919 is the...
A Union Cavalry outfit is sent behind confedera...
A frontiersman and his son fight to build a new...
A married couple attend a bourgeois party and w...
Two FBI agents investigating the murder of civi...
An oppressed Mexican peasant village hires seve...
Chico one of the remaining members of The Magni...
The sheriff of a small town in southwest Texas ...
Young German princess Sophia is married off to ...
A three-way friendship between two free-spirite...
When a Supreme Court judge commits suicide and ...
Larry Donner is a author and writing professor ...
Each member of a family in Taipei asks hard que...
A genius grad student organizes an all-night tr...
In order to finance his law studies, Martin sta...
Engineer Jake Holman arrives aboard the gunboat...
In this story of the early days of daylight bom...
Von Ryan's Express stars Frank Sinatra as a POW...
When loser Marvin Mange is involved in a horrib...
Thief Kevin Caffery attempts to rob from the ho...
Big Eden is a tiny fictional town in northweste...
A comedy that follows the chaos that ensues whe...
Rogue agent Gabriel Shear is determined to get ...
While celebrating their reconciliation and six ...
A biopic of Alma Mahler, the wife of composer G...
In Nazi occupied Czechoslovakia, a childless co...
It's 1976, and Vinny is a confused teenager who...
A bombardier in World War II tries desperately ...
An epic documentary chronicling the extraordina...
In the coastal town of Los Angeles, a gang of b...
Summer of 1963. Carson is getting married to he...
A group of Vietnam War veterans re-unite to res...
After a break-in at their house, a couple gets ...
A skilled young hockey prospect hoping to attra...
Lorelei Lee is a beautiful showgirl engaged to ...
Three women set out to find eligible millionair...
A doctor's daughter is kidnapped and buried ali...
With his family away for their annual summer ho...
Molly and Terry Donahue, plus their three child...
Michael Dorsey is an unemployed actor with an i...
Roy and Bo leave their small town the weekend a...
A WWII film set on a Pacific island. Japanese a...
Zobel and Karl are a long time gay couple who l...
With World War 2 looming, a prominent family in...
The world's most highly qualified crew of archa...
English aristocrat Lara Croft is skilled in han...
Dr. John Dolittle the beloved doctor is back, b...
Domenic Toretto is a Los Angeles street racer s...
A robotic boy, the first programmed to love, Da...
The story of Jody, a misguided, 20-year-old Afr...
At Pacific Palisades High, a poor Latino falls ...
Pootie Tang, the musician/actor/folk hero of th...
                                                  
A man considers the fine line between friendshi...
On May 24, 2000, the historic Ryman Auditorium ...
Harvey, a self-doubting private investigator, p...
Gary is a former gangster who has made a modest...
Valentine Casey is a Marshal in the desolate Tu...
Young nurse Sissi lives a secluded life entirel...
A man spreads the rumor of his fake homosexuali...
A look at the great wolf debate with comments a...
Two French policemen, one investigating a grisl...
The true story of the rise to power and brutal ...
Set in England during the early 19th century, P...
When a professor develops a vaccine that elimin...
Liu Jian, an elite Chinese police officer, come...
While the original parodied slasher flicks like...
Lost and Delirious is the story of three adoles...
Manu has lived a difficult life. Abused and vio...
Hanoi comes across almost picture-perfect in di...
Alice Tate, mother of two, with a marriage of 1...
Marion is a woman who has learned to shield her...
In the fourth of the highly successful Frankie ...
Peppe, formerly a boxer, organizes the break-in...
A cross-country road race is based on an actual...
The original characters from the first Cannonba...
An illegal race that takes place over the Unite...
A stylish, very attractive young woman arrives ...
A scientist takes a the brain of dead man and r...
'Guns' Donovan prefers carousing with his pals ...
In this campy spy movie spoof Dr. Goldfoot (Vin...
After a long journey, Philip arrives at the Ush...
God and Satan war over earth; to settle things,...
An aging doorman, after being fired from his pr...
A senator, who became famous for killing a noto...
A second rated journalist from the US tries his...
At a summer house in Vermont, neighbor Howard f...
With a serial strangler on the loose, a bookkee...
A free-spirited woman "kidnaps" a yuppie for a ...
The Elder boys return to Clearwater, Texas for ...
A rich but racist man is dying and hatches an e...
"Genius" accidentally invents "goo" which cause...
The story concerns Dr James Xavier, ably portra...
Cheech and Chong house sit for a marijuana grow...
British reporters suspect an international cove...
A deranged killer lives in the basement of an o...
Cheech and Chong are hired to drive a limo from...
Friends and family want a rich widow to end her...
Has-been director Harry Dawes gets a new lease ...
A debauched Hollywood movie actor tries to piec...
When a woman dying of cancer in turn-of-the cen...
Archie Rice, an old-time British vaudeville per...
In late 1930s Ferrara, Italy, the Finzi-Contini...
A strange race of human-like marsupials appear ...
One evening, Hammer gives a ride to Christina, ...
1183 AD: King Henry II's three sons all want to...
While filing for a divorce, beautiful ex-stripp...
In 1841, young Ishmael signs up for service abr...
A horror film festival, held in a theater which...
This character study joins the painter at the h...
New York City newspaper writer J.J. Hunsecker h...
A young woman marries into a corrupt oil family...
In the near future, big wars are avoided by giv...
Set during the fading glory of the Austro-Hunga...
New Orleans businessman Michael Courtland’s lif...
From the moment she arrives in Freiberg, German...
Chen Zhen returns to the international compound...
This movie portrays the drug scene in Berlin in...
Chen is a city boy who moves with his cousins t...
Billy Lo is a Hong Kong-based movie actor, who ...
A young man searches for the "master" to obtain...
Thriller about an honest marshal in a corrupt m...
Tang Lung arrives in Rome to help his cousins i...
Ally Hayden is a teenager who shares her father...
Led by a strange dream, scientist Aki Ross stru...
Elle Woods has it all. She's the president of h...
An aging thief hopes to retire and live off his...
In West Africa during the late 17th century, Ki...
After finding himself at the constant abuse of ...
When shy, straitlaced George (Tunde Adebimpe) m...
Two aspiring boxers lifelong friends get involv...
This documentary showcases basketball player Mi...
A factory worker in a dark, gray world assemble...
How to create the imagination of movement for f...
A young musician and singer named Johnny has be...
            Front Row. Backstage. LIVE! IMAX film.
Africa the Serengeti takes you on an extraordin...
Alaska... Here, in this vast and spectacularly ...
The Professor, helped by his flying robot M.A.X...
A story of hope. A journey of dreams. A life of...
18 Again! is a 1988 comedy film starring George...
Two rebellious youths, Ralph and Scott, find th...
After the death of his son, Macon Leary, a trav...
After a young woman suffers a brutal rape in a ...
Seagal is Nico Toscani, an Italian immigrant, A...
An account of Baron Munchausen's supposed trave...
The owner of a failing cinema and his mysteriou...
Emily Boynton, stepmother to the three Boynton ...
Taisto Kasurinen is a Finnish coal miner whose ...
Arthur (Dudley Moore), that irrepressible drunk...
Unity Field, a "free love" cult from the '70s, ...
Lt. Col. Iceal "Ham" Hambleton is a weapons cou...
A privileged rich debutante and a cynical strug...
During the war in Afghanistan a Soviet tank cre...
In the 1940s in the small town of Jupiter Hollo...
Paul Reubens stars as Pee-wee Herman in his sec...
During the Second World War, Eugene enlists in ...
Saxophone player Charlie Parker comes to New Yo...
Remake of the 1958 horror sci-fi about a deadly...
Lenny Brown moves to California to find his for...
A young kid from Kansas moves to New York to wo...
When a crass new-money tycoon's membership appl...
Winter, 1915. Confined by her family to an asyl...
Two girls go away to a holiday resort looking f...
Hotshot real estate salesman Daryl has a bad co...
A talented New York bartender takes a job at a ...
A confident young cop is shown the ropes by a v...
Prince Akeem, heir to the throne of Zamunda, le...
The escaped delinquent John W. Burns, Jr. repla...
A rising young attorney successfully defends a ...
A massive ball of furry creatures from another ...
A batch of unhatched critter eggs are mistaken ...
In what appears to be a cross between Critters ...
Isabelle's life revolves around the New York bo...
Dexter Cornell, an English Professor becomes em...
LAPD police officer, Roger Mortis is killed whi...
Dirty Harry Callahan returns for his final film...
Two con men try to settle their rivalry by bett...
An ironic black comedy of love and death that t...
When her great aunt dies famed horror hostess E...
When Santa Claus decides to retire and pass on ...
Louisiana football star Gavin Grey had it all. ...
Ellie DeWitt and Janis Zuckermann are admitted ...
Darcy, editor at her highschool paper, and her ...
Ford plays an American doctor whose wife sudden...
A Cincinnati college student breaks off his eng...
The story of Dian Fossey, a scientist who came ...
It's vacation time for outdoorsy Chicago man Ch...
When a teen tries to set up a band at his schoo...
When Peter Plunkett's Irish castle turned hotel...
Fred P. Chaney receives as inheritance after th...
Emily Crane is fired after refusing to give nam...
An author who was sent to the town Drakho, beca...
John Lennon, David Bowie, Julian Lennon, and Yo...
It's recruiting time and despite being short an...
Locked in a school closet during Halloween 1962...
In a remote corner of England's Peak District, ...
An orphaned brontosaurus named Littlefoot sets ...
Teenager Les Anderson thinks his life can't get...
Roy Parmenter is an FBI agent in San Diego; 20 ...
A recently orphaned millionairess, Olivia, real...
In Milagro, a small town in the American Southw...
Little known actor, Jack Noah, is working on lo...
Arlo accepts what seems to him to be a dream pr...
Trying to rescue her home planet from destructi...
A recent high school graduate is faced with two...
McGriff and Albaby are probably doing the worst...
A surreal comedy depicting a diverse cast of ch...
David Sinclair seems to have everything going f...
A tough Russian policeman is forced to partner ...
A group of kids discover one of the drums conta...
When a bumbling pair of employees at a medical ...
After a few years trying to earn money to marry...
Jim Craig has lived his first 18 years in the m...
A man's family comes for his 77th birthday and ...
The Popes are a family who haven't been able to...
Oscar Wilde watches an outrageous staging of hi...
Fatherless barrio Puerto Rican Rico is a menial...
When a young rock group called The Mystery gets...
A Harvard anthropologist is sent to Haiti to re...
A legal attorney and renegade cop team up to st...
Sidney Poitier makes his long-overdue return to...
Robot Johnny Five comes to the city and gets ma...
After a lightning bolt zaps a robot named Numbe...
A young man begins an obsessive search for his ...
When a corrupt American businessman tries to st...
Tom Mix and Wyatt Earp team up to solve a murde...
Wiley and Sandra have been happily married for ...
A television news chief courts his anchorwoman ...
A crazy out of work actress, Vashti Blue (Whoop...
Tetsuo: The Iron Man is a 1989 Japanese cyberpu...
Nada, a down-on-his-luck construction worker, d...
A young priest speaks out against the Communist...
A very personal story that is both funny and po...
Years after a desperate teenage Linda gives up ...
Based on a true story. Shortly after World War ...
Julius and Vincent Benedict are the results of ...
A mysterious oriental skull transforms a father...
A boy takes in a stray dog, later finding out t...
Wealthy slacker college student Mark, his new g...
Sherlock Holmes is as dashing as ever, but with...
Albert Einstein is the son of a Tasmanian apple...
Pete Sandich is a reckless fire-fighting pilot ...
Joe Armstrong, an orphaned drifter will little ...
On a remote Caribbean island, Army Ranger Joe A...
Jackson is back, and now he has a new partner, ...
In an underground fight club, blackbelt Travis ...
Hollywood beckons for recent film school grad N...
In the small town of San Dimas, a few miles awa...
Two New York cops get involved in a gang war be...
This movie tells the story of the latter years ...
A blind Vietnam vet, trained as a swordfighter,...
Professional thief Ernie takes Mike on as an ap...
A military experiment to create a race of super...
During the Vietnam War, a soldier finds himself...
Louie Jeffries is happily married to Corinne. O...
Cookie Voltecki (Emily Lloyd) is the illegitima...
A martial artist hunts a killer in a plague-inf...
A busy executive (Ted Danson) learns during a m...
Los Angeles homicide detective Jerry Beck searc...
Lou Diamond Phillips and Fred Gwynne team up wi...
Bobby Kellar has a crush on Lainie Diamond, gir...
This morning they were playing ping-pong in the...
Taking place during the 1976 Soweto uprising, t...
In this musical comedy, Valerie is dealing with...
In the sixties, Eddie and the cruisers was the ...
Michael Paré stars as Eddie Wilson of the rock ...
A ghostwriter finds himself romantically involv...
Erik the Viking gathers warriors from his villa...
Travis and Wendell are two down-on-their-luck N...
Jessie is an aging career criminal who has been...
An American soldier who escapes the execution o...
This film reenacts the Manhattan Project, the s...
A London art broker goes to Copenhagen where he...
The cult classic 80’s B-film where the slacker ...
A struggling young comedian takes a menial job ...
The story of Jerry Lee Lewis, arguably the grea...
It Takes Hard Work, Discipline And Commitment T...
Christopher is an ambitious college freshman, s...
"Sugar" Ray is the owner of an illegal casino, ...
A writer of BAD detective novels is in full wri...
A retarded man get help from a sociopathic woma...
Dennis Dimbleby Bagley is a brilliant young adv...
Linda and Michael, married for ten years, despe...
Samantha Hughes, a teenaged Kentucky girl, neve...
Jimmie Rainwood was minding his own business wh...
A conflict develops between a troubled Vietnam ...
Nick and Frank Starkey were both policemen. A s...
A career criminal who has been deformed since b...
A group of actors putting on an interpretive Pa...
The extravagant cop Michael Dooley needs some h...
If your enemy refuses to be humbled... Destroy ...
A gritty Brooklyn story about union corruption,...
When principal Joe Clark takes over decaying Ea...
A gambler used to losing is having a very good ...
Underwater deep-sea miners encounter a Soviet w...
A young boy is scared of the monster under his ...
Frank Leone is nearing the end of his prison te...
Mollie is a single working mother who's out to ...
Randy Bodek works as a pizza delivery boy at Se...
When Rachel Phelps inherits the Cleveland India...
Heidi, the star of the "Meet The Feebles Variet...
An investigator seeking the cause of an airline...
After 30 years of searching, Harry (Edwards) ha...
Carnelle isn't happy with her life, so in order...
Three stories happening in New York. The first,...
Truman Gates, a Chicago cop, sets out to find h...
Rip is the World Wrestling Federation champion ...
When school teacher Harriet Winslow goes to Mex...
Experienced Green Beret sergeant Johnny Gallagh...
Michael is a young boy living in a typical 1950...
Penn &amp; Teller enjoy playing jokes on each o...
Clint Eastwood plays a bounty hunter who helps ...
The avenging angel of Marvel Comics fame comes ...
A Russian KGB agent is sent to Africa to kill a...
In need of funds for research, Dr. Alan Grant a...
In the midst of a nasty public breakup of marri...
A Japanese Yakuza gangster’s deadly existence i...
A quirky girl tries to figure out what to do no...
Hansel Schmidt, is a young East German boy, bor...
After a spectacular crash-landing on an unchart...
An endearing light comedy about a woman who spo...
A wave of gruesome murders is sweeping Tokyo. T...
Clive Owen stars as a prison inmate who goes in...
Sunny Holiday, an aspiring singing star, abando...
The Monkey's Mask is a 2000 thriller film direc...
The setting is Camp Firewood, the year 1981. It...
Two Los Angeles police detectives, cynical vete...
Buster McHenry (Sutherland) is as an undercover...
The Swamp Thing returns to battle the evil Dr. ...
It's 1649: Mazarin hires the impoverished D'Art...
The Double Deuce is the meanest, loudest and ro...
Romero is a compelling and deeply moving look a...
Rosalie loves to shop too much to let a little ...
In the later 1960s, two hippies are forced to l...
A young man is confined in a mental hospital. T...
An English bon-vivant osteopath is enchanted wi...
The widow's houseboy and the divorcee's chauffe...
Seen-it-all New York detective Frank Keller is ...
A murder takes place in the shop of David Lyons...
A Los Angeles radio-station manager's girlfrien...
Wondering what has happened to herself, now fee...
After being sent to the electric chair, a seria...
Hard-drinking novelist Zach Hutton spirals out ...
                                                  
While on Christmas break, college student Micha...
The Stepfather escapes an insane asylum and win...
A seemingly average man, after murdering his en...
Explores sisters, in their twenties, their pare...
An American actor in England tries to find love...
Ray Tango and Gabriel Cash are narcotics detect...
Max Washington has just been released from pris...
On his first day after being released from jail...
A Beverly Hills housewife in the middle of a di...
Scott Turner has 3 days left in the local polic...
The eccentric new manager of a UHF television c...
As an idle, good-natured bachelor, Uncle Buck i...
A publishing executive is visited and bitten by...
The Roses, Barbara and Oliver, live happily as ...
A warlock flees from the 17th to the 20th centu...
Corey (Fred Savage) refuses to let his emotiona...
Taylor is a man who has no problems with women....
Every six hundred years, a great evil has the o...
Everybody's favorite stiff is back! Working foo...
A lazy, irresponsible young clerk in provincial...
In the 17th century a Jesuit priest and a young...
A reporter and a blind retired journalist try t...
The story of the people that frequented Harlem'...
Two men and a woman circle the globe in a satel...
The film talks about a family that weathers all...
Mick and Kev – bored, unemployed and aimless in...
While escaping from Nazis during the WWII, a Je...
John, a disillusioned Vietnam War journalist, t...
George Hamilton stars in a dueling dual role as...
A young man carrying a big basket that contains...
The star of Ken Loach's MY NAME IS JOE, Mullan ...
A young man is plunged into a life of subterfug...
A socially awkward but very bright 15-year-old ...
It's vacation time for Carter as he finds himse...
Thomas Thomas is agoraphobic, has a computer-ge...
A young French woman returns to the vast silenc...
A group of men trap wild animals in Africa and ...
Two gay men living in St. Tropez have their liv...
In a move to make his partner, Renato, jealous,...
A man returns to his hometown and a series of d...
In Charenton Asylum, the Marquis de Sade direct...
A Michigan farmer and a prospector form a partn...
Afflicted with a terminal illness John Bernard ...
After escaping Russia's communist revolution, L...
Director François Truffaut makes a rare on-scre...
A research scientist (William Hurt) explores th...
Philo takes part in a bare knuckle fight - as h...
When a British archaeologist violates an Egypti...
Alex Linden is a psychiatrist living in Vienna ...
A young Asian American martial artist is forced...
The whole gang are back and as close as ever. T...
A policeman white blood cell, with the help of ...
Grace is a religious woman who lives in an old ...
When a Midwest town learns that a corrupt railr...
A contemporary romantic comedy exploring the un...
With her husband Jack perpetually away at work,...
On the Edge is about suicidal patients discover...
Tensions rise within an asbestos cleaning crew ...
In 1997, Oscar-winning documentarian Allan Mill...
When a Greek fisherman leaves to fight with the...
In an ensemble film about easy money, greed, ma...
Kaisa is a Scot, a successful London lawyer, wh...
After more than forty years apart, Andreas and ...
Jimmy is young man who was born without an immu...
CW Briggs is a veteran insurance investigator, ...
When Jay and Silent Bob learn that their comic-...
Melanie Ballard (Natasha Henstridge) is a hard ...
A coming-of-age romantic comedy set against the...
A Hungarian family forced to flee the Communist...
A comedy that pays tribute to the science ficti...
A documentarian decides to follow the career of...
Hugh Laurie (Sam) and Joely Richardson (Lucy) s...
Elisabeth leaves her abusive and drunken husban...
In his directorial debut, Patrik-Ian Polk chron...
A Mexican-American master chef and father to th...
A college-age brother and sister get more than ...
Hot young stars, a hip, driving soundtrack, plu...
Candy and Lonnie Earl are just crazy about each...
A naive drifter runs away from his army father ...
Each year, three brothers Samuel, Jeffrey and M...
During a championship baseball match, the three...
Rocky, Colt and TumTum must battle an evil weal...
During his long career, bounty hunter Ralph "Pa...
A psychotic man, troubled by his childhood abus...
Two fraternity pledges go to a sleazy bar looki...
Police sergeant Neil Howie is called to an isla...
Seventeen-year-old Alexia Wheaton hasn't been h...
In Peter Hyams's adaptation of the famous Alexa...
Rock Star tells the story of Chris Cole and a r...
A female collage co-ed freshman who was involve...
Vivica A. Fox sizzles as a woman scorned who pl...
Steven Cantor's award-winning documentary chron...
After 30 years on the road, a veteran jewellery...
Djomeh is a young Afghan man who has come to li...
The two main characters, Mon and Jung, play two...
Her goldfish dead, her lover exposed as a rat, ...
In this biting and disturbing coming-of-age tal...
World-weary arthur Fernando has returned to his...
When the murder of an archaeologist puts a valu...
Arch-criminal Dr. Mabuse, who is a master of di...
The story of the child refugees who were transp...
After the parents of Ruby and her younger broth...
An aimless young man who is scalping tickets, g...
Is it just another evening at the hugely popula...
Josh is the consummate temp employee, avoiding ...
The story of how a mysterious suitcase brings t...
Similar to Mariah's life story. Mariah plays th...
On his first day on the job as a narcotics offi...
Samual Curtis's first mission in this bizarre s...
Children Underground follows the story of five ...
"Go Tigers!" is a rare behind-the-scenes chroni...
A morality tale of xenophobia, religious prejud...
Stone (the Antichrist) becomes President of the...
The film follows the marital and dating lives o...
Documentary on the Shackleton Antartic expediti...
In this story-within-a-story, Anna is an actres...
A mute gunslinger fights in the defense of a gr...
A team consisting of a physicist, his wife, a y...
Dede is a sole parent trying to bring up her so...
This is a life story of three girlfriends from ...
Rock Opera version of Phantom Of The Opera with...
Lord John Morgan has returned to civilized life...
A Mexican-American sheriff must resort to viole...
Reclusive Dr. Zorba has died and left his mansi...
Marilyn Jordan, an American, lives in Stockholm...
A young opperata is stalked by a deranged fan b...
During World War II South Sea beachcomber Walte...
Victor and Hillary are down on their luck to th...
An impractical widower tries to hang onto his M...
Anna Kalman is an accomplished actress who has ...
A group of strangers come across a man dying af...
Adventurer Allan Quartermain leads an expeditio...
The ruthless, moneyed Hubbard clan lives in, an...
A World War II submarine commander finds himsel...
A brief fling between a male disc jockey and an...
Damon Runyon's fairytale, sweet and funny, is t...
Air Force Major Lloyd Gruver (Marlon Brando) is...
Slovakia during WW2. Tono lives a poor life, bu...
Two sets of two college guys spend a spring bre...
A young woman (Sandra Bullock) mysteriously dis...
The story of Karen Silkwood, a metallurgy worke...
A disturbed,institutionalized 16-year-old girl ...
Based on the 1973 rock opera album of the same ...
Andie Bergstrom, an astronaut eagerly awaiting ...
When a group of astronomers calculate a star is...
When the daughter of a psychiatrist is kidnappe...
A widowed mother and her son change when a myst...
Clear the runway for Derek Zoolander, VH1's thr...
In modern-day London, three men (Craig Ferguson...
As four lifelong friends, Will, Bryan, Matt, an...
Quick-witted, well-read cultured types revolve ...
NC-17, whose members included Frank Rogala, Vin...
Three young people on a road trip from Colorado...
Max Keeble, the victim of his 7th grade class, ...
Although strangers Sara and Jonathan are both a...
Jerry Garcia, legendary lead guitarist for the ...
Chekhov in contemporary Argentina. Mecha and Gr...
A veteran sergeant of the World War I leads a s...
A young girl witnesses her brother murder a man...
Le Boum is the story of a 13-year-old French gi...
A woman trapped in a home elevator is terrorize...
The new warden of a small prison farm in Arkans...
Movie about the Village People filmed in a docu...
Tired of being a small-town waitress, Donna dep...
A man staying at a secluded historical mansion,...
Perennially stoned Cheech and Chong tear throug...
Biography of Loretta Lynn, a country and wester...
The movie centers on a piano competition whose ...
A serial killer brutally slays and dismembers s...
Documentary chronicaling the rise and fall of t...
Survivors of a tragic shipping collision are re...
In occupied Paris, an actress married to a Jewi...
Divine Madness is a 1980 concert film directed ...
Mercenary James Shannon, on a reconnaissance jo...
Paul and Georgia are lovers, soul mates...and p...
Two bank robbers fall in love with the girl the...
Corky Romano is a bumbling, simpleton, veterina...
Iron Monkey is a Hong Kong variation of Robin H...
Elena is 15, beautiful and flirtatious. Her les...
After a car wreck on the winding Mulholland Dri...
Leelee Sobieski is brash, abrasive and vulnerab...
An elite superhuman agent must stop a foreign m...
A young music journalist's dark memories are aw...
Over 20 years after his death by a gunshot, Jim...
Jim Brannigan is sent to London to bring back a...
The heir to an oil fortune trades places with a...
When a madman dubbed 'Scorpio' terrorizes San F...
Travel alongside the astronauts as they deploy ...
This lavishly produced and critically acclaimed...
The maiden voyage of Columbia, the first space ...
A drifter becomes both a bank robber and a hero...
Lazy preppie Palmer Woodrow hires street-smart ...
This film shows how far we have come since the ...
An American woman, trapped in Islamic Iran by h...
The life and times of Dawn Davenport, showing h...
Titanica is a fascinating non-fiction drama whi...
Frederick Abberline is an opium-huffing inspect...
A Court Martialed general rallies together 1200...
A single mother, with dreams of becoming a writ...
The movie is about a deaf-mute hitman and his p...
Set in Argentina in 1965, the story follows the...
A non-glamorous portrayal of the lives of peopl...
In the waning months of World War II, a man and...
Jay, a failed musician, walked out of his famil...
Waking Life is about a young man in a persisten...
Prot is a patient at a mental hospital who clai...
'N Sync heartthrobs Lance Bass and Joey Fatone ...
Arthur and his two children, Kathy and Bobby, i...
After a one-night stand a couple is faced with ...
After narrowly escaping a bizarre accident, a t...
A nurse eavesdrops with a friend on a cell phon...
When a man is diagnosed with terminal cancer, h...
A tale of passion, crime and punishment set in ...
                                               NaN
A dark tale of working-class life in Marseilles...
A portrait of various gay Orthodox Jews who str...
A divorced father discovers that his 12-year-ol...
James Sullivan and Mike Wazowski are monsters, ...
A sheriff's deputy fights an alternate universe...
A three-character ensemble piece set within the...
Joe Moore has a job he loves. He's a thief. His...
A shallow man falls in love with a 300 pound wo...
Seymore is a young man with the mind of a child...
Artist Lyle Maze is reconciled to a life withou...
A psychopathic killer terrorizes a babysitter, ...
Lyle Swann is a successful off-road racer who m...
With the rent due and his car booted, Sean (Dr....
Harry Potter has lived under the stairs at his ...
Johnny Rebel is a charismatic heterosexual man ...
A dentist finds himself a murder suspect after ...
Martin Lawrence plays Jamal, an employee in Med...
Animal House meets Casablanca in this outrageou...
Veteran spy Nathan Muir is on the verge of reti...
After losing his father, 10-year-old Carlos arr...
Summertime on the coast of Maine, "In the Bedro...
Studying to become a teacher in Turin, Italy, P...
Tougher than Shaft and smoother than Superfly, ...
Duke Johnson visits a small Southern town, inte...
In a daring robbery, some $300,000 is taken fro...
During the Algerian war for independence from F...
After being exposed to a bizarre mixture of hou...
In the late 19th century, a young woman moves t...
A medieval tale with Pythonesque humour: After ...
The life of comedienne Fannie Brice, from her e...
A plastic surgeon and his nurse join a bizarre ...
A young car thief kills a policeman and tries t...
Dar, is the son of a king, who is hunted by a p...
This war drama depicts the U.S. and Japanese fo...
The film portrays MacArthur's (Gregory Peck) li...
The Young Lions follows the lives of three sold...
Fred, a raffish safe blower, takes refuge in th...
A woman suffers a nervous breakdown and an oppr...
Little Women is a "coming of age" drama tracing...
Richard Widmark leads an all star cast of marin...
Concentrating on the personal lives of those in...
Allied forces land at Anzio unopposed but inste...
Spoofing the entire 1940s detective genre, and ...
                                               NaN
White Australian lawyer David Burton agrees wit...
Set in Spain and France against the backdrop of...
On one of his bratty son Eric's annual visits, ...
Colonel Stok, a Soviet intelligence officer res...
As a child, Donald was tormented by his mother ...
A mysterious, tall, blonde woman, wearing sungl...
Patrick Foley has been on the move all his live...
A man's best friend is killed on the streets of...
The exploration of the effects of an unexpected...
A chronicle of the lives of several teenagers w...
Dominick has always been a big kid who loved ea...
A student is devastated when he finds that his ...
In 1980, the US Navy's most powerful warship, t...
A serial killer is stalking New York. Inspector...
A football player and his friends travel to the...
The first manned flight to Mars returns after h...
A huge burrowing machine tunnels out of control...
Sleazy scam artist Joan Collins tries to sell p...
Dirty Harry Callahan returns again, this time s...
Sean Kane is forced to resign from the San Fran...
Phoenix cop Ben Shockley is well on his way to ...
A newly appointed cemetery chairman discovers t...
A one-man army comes to the rescue of the Unite...
The archetypical renegade Texas Ranger wages wa...
Stranded on an island, a group of schoolboys de...
The story begins on a small spaceship docking w...
A sequel to The Land That Time Forgot. Major Be...
Ocean's Eleven is the 'Rat-Pack' comedy about r...
Egocentric bandit Salvatore Guiliano fights the...
While on the run from the police, Steve Railsba...
When a young rape victim takes justice into her...
While flying a routine reconnaissance mission o...
In pre-Revolutionary France, a young aristocrat...
The Independent is a mockumentary comedy film m...
Porn Star: The Legend of Ron Jeremy offers audi...
Ten years after the Civil War has ended, the Go...
Less than 24 hours into his parole, charismatic...
In a building site in present-day Tehran, Latee...
Julie Styron thinks she is going to be fired, b...
When exposure to a combination of radiation and...
Two soldiers from opposite sites get stuck betw...
"Piñero" tells the story of the explosive life ...
Ten people are invited for a weekend on an isla...
The Blue Angel follows Immanuel Rath (Emil Jann...
A Russian circus visits the US. A clown wants t...
Meek, owlish Felix (George Segal) and strident,...
At a tiny Parisian café, the adorable yet painf...
On a bet, a gridiron hero at John Hughes High S...
David Aames (Tom Cruise) has it all: wealth, go...
True story of the lifelong romance between nove...
After an Afghanistan-born woman who lives in Ca...
Plagued with grief over the murder of her daugh...
An estranged family of former child prodigies r...
Amiable slackers Bill and Ted are once again ro...
An uncompromising British school headmaster fin...
Alien creatures invade a remote mountain resort...
A man who was a confidant of Adolf Hitler dies ...
Morgan, an aggressive and self-admitted dreamer...
Sheena's white parents are killed while on Safa...
A Texas sheriff tries kung fu on an ax killer w...
Three women makes an emergency landing on a pla...
An experienced guide (Vic) accompanies a city b...
Multi-platinum rap superstars Redman and Method...
Jimmy Neutron is a boy genius and way ahead of ...
When underappreciated video specialist Joe Sche...
When her scientist ex-boyfriend discovers a por...
Young hobbit Frodo Baggins, after inheriting a ...
Set in 1951, a blacklisted Hollywood writer get...
At Princeton University, John Nash struggles to...
When a childless couple learn that they cannot ...
A group of college students break into an aband...
Two convicts, a white racist and an angry black...
An adaptation of Sinclair Lewis' novel about a ...
John Cassellis is the toughtest TV-news-reporte...
Sergeant Joe Gunn and his tank crew pick up fiv...
A hypocritical swinging college student cat rai...
Fritz, now married and with a son, is desperate...
Hrundi V. Bakshi, an accident-prone actor from ...
It's the off-season at the lonely Beauregard Ho...
A recently married scholar goes on a quest for ...
Arthur Simon Simpson is a small-time crook bidi...
When Leonard Vole is arrested for the sensation...
In 1964, a brash new pro boxer, fresh from his ...
When U.S. Rangers and an elite Delta Force team...
This is a drama set in Nazi-occupied France at ...
A Jewish girl disguises herself as a boy to ent...
Multiple storylined drama set in 1932, showing ...
Sam has the mental capacity of a 7-year-old. He...
Set in the southern USA, a racist white man, Ha...
An emotionally-beaten man with his young daught...
Dave Bannion is an upright cop on the trail of ...
A ten year old boy gets tired of life with abus...
A devilish Southern woman, married to a man who...
Waxman is a former Special Forces soldier who i...
Lionel Twain invites the world's five greatest ...
A decadent London aristocrat hires a man-servan...
An oft overlooked film about struggling to deal...
Story of two gorgeous, young French boys who be...
Shaun Brumder is a local surfer kid from Orange...
In 18th century France, the Chevalier de Fronsa...
For the past four years, San Francisco cop Jack...
When a young street vendor with a grim home lif...
Detective Kyle Bodine falls for Rachel Munro wh...
In pre-WWII Australia, a love triangle develops...
Ivan Bibic returns to his Pittsburgh PA suburb ...
Jason Carmichael is a popular New York City pla...
An expatriate British publisher unexpectedly fi...
Nina is totally heartbroken at the death of her...
The Earnshaws are Yorkshire farmers during the ...
Misadventures of four groups of guests at the B...
The life story of a salt-of-the-earth Irish imm...
The realm of magic is being threatened by the r...
The sorcerer and his apprentice Galen are on a ...
Based on a character created by Robert E. Howar...
In this animated tale, a tiny village is destro...
A mysterious door in the basement of the Hercul...
A detective uncovers a formula that was devised...
A group of friends come of age in the asphalt d...
Galaxina is a lifelike, voluptuous android who ...
Gary Sinise plays Spencer Olham, a top-secret g...
A movie within a movie, created to spoof the ma...
When a Miami dentist inherits a team of sled do...
A hard-nosed cop reluctantly teams up with a wi...
A portrait of a single day in the late summer o...
This fifth Danish Dogme film is about six vulne...
Is today's fanaticism tomorrow's policy? In a W...
Darryl is a childlike man with a genius for inv...
Two brilliant research scientists have invented...
This film is a glimpse into the life, love and ...
The film follows Kaspar Hauser (Bruno S.), who ...
Frank Sinatra plays a tough guy who hooks up wi...
A small Bavarian village is renowned for its "R...
In 1966, Dieter Dengler was shot down over Laos...
One of the world's most acclaimed comedies, MAS...
Based on a true story, Mrs. Soffel is set in Pi...
A secret organisation offers wealthy people a s...
Running from the law after a bank robbery in Me...
Edmond Dantés's life and plans to marry the bea...
Reporter John Klein is plunged into a world of ...
When the popular, restless Landon Carter is for...
The everyday struggles of people trying to brid...
A seventeen-year-old country boy working in Bei...
Set in empty junkyards of Winnipeg, Sabu works ...
Bibiane is the daughter of a well-known fashion...
Duke Red has overseen the construction of a mas...
A psychoanalyst and his family go through profo...
College and high school serve as the backdrop f...
Four young office workers have a bet going to s...
Climb aboard for an extraordinary version of Ma...
Two couples go to a mutual friends wedding, and...
During shopping for Christmas, Frank and Molly ...
When Alex enters the lives of the musical Tuttl...
Dave, Sam and Jeff are about to graduate from H...
A shy bank clerk orders a Russian mail order br...
An old woman helps a young boy resolve his feel...
A down-and-out restaurateur and his neighbor ha...
A girl is caught in a drug bust and sent to the...
Version of the Bizet opera set in World War II,...
In the early 1960's, a quintet of hopeful, youn...
Solange is depressed: she's stopped smiling, sh...
Two whimsical, aimless thugs harass and assault...
Ticlaw, a small town in Florida, has only one a...
Paris, 1482. Today is the festival of the fools...
François Merlin (Belmondo) is a Jean Bruce type...
Fourteen-year-old Jason Shepherd (Muniz) has a ...
Firefighter Gordon Brewer is plunged into the c...
From the director of Die Hard comes this high-o...
Joe McBeth is a hard-working but unambitious do...
Baby Bink couldn't ask for more; he has adoring...
An orphaned girl is taken in by a snobbish fami...
Shirley Temple lives with the pick-pocket grand...
Heidi is orphaned and her uncaring maternal Aun...
1983 Burt Reynolds version -- This is the tale ...
Part live stand-up performance, part documentar...
12-year-old Henry Rowengartner, whose late fath...
Scotty Smalls moves to a new neighborhood with ...
A film set in the Basque region, beginning in t...
After Laura and John Baxter lose their only chi...
Three friends get together and bury a box makin...
Fourth-generation Army Col. William McNamara is...
John Quincy Archibald is a father and husband w...
The classic tale of 'Peter Pan' continues in Di...
Five bored, occasionally high and always ineffe...
A young boy stays with his aunt and uncle, and ...
Jack Dodd was a London butcher who enjoyed a pi...
Criminal mastermind 'The Fox' sets up a phony f...
Told in flashback form, the film traces the ris...
An American Army officer is recruited by the ye...
A sportswriter who marries a fashion designer d...
1930s in New York – The famous singer Fanny Bri...
Three days into his Miami honeymoon, New York J...
Arthur, one of Britain's angry young men of the...
The mystery stage play by Anthony Shaffer was a...
Bruno Stroszek is released from prison and warn...
Silent as a painting, the movie shows us day-dr...
Steve, a happily married American man living in...
Four American soldiers stationed near a German ...
When the owner of a struggling used car lot is ...
The calving of an Arctic iceberg releases a gia...
A grieving doctor is being contacted by his lat...
Lestat de Lioncourt is awakened from his slumbe...
Vietnam veteran Leon Barlow is struggling as a ...
A tale about Vietnamese refugees sent to an ori...
The story of Peter McGowan, a chain-smoking, im...
Apocalyptic comedy finds a socially-challenged ...
An Iranian-born teenager living in suburban New...
Disgraced ex-England captain (Danny 'Mean Machi...
From an exciting Indian wedding comes a relatio...
George is a high-strung professional photograph...
A feature-length documentary film about hip-hop...
Frustrated with being broke, Beans decides that...
An aging, down-on-his-luck ex-minor leaguer coa...
In this third film version of the Bad News Bear...
Sentimental sequel film finds the Bears, someho...
When a group of small-town firemen find out tha...
The territorial governor asks the Lone Ranger t...
Three Indians were brutally murdered by a gang ...
A working-class young woman (Andula) in a hick ...
D has been hired to track down Meier Link, a no...
Professor of medicine Isak Borg travels to Lund...
Black Like Me is the true account of John Griff...
Sierra Nevada Jones must fight a villainous ran...
Although married and pregnant Rose has always b...
Matt Sullivan's last big relationship ended in ...
The story of the first major battle of the Amer...
Scientist Shane Brown neglects his new bride, i...
Female gladiators fight to the death. Inspired ...
Grier and Haig are thieving mercenaries who eng...
Female prisoners in a Phillippine jail are bein...
In medieval Europe, crusading knights massacre ...
The portrait of a woman who, at the edge of sur...
When a sprite named Crysta shrinks a human boy,...
A tough female reporter and her cameraman boyfr...
During a car accident, Vincent Eastman watches ...
In this film that closely parallels his own lif...
A troupe of struggling stage actors is rehearsi...
A friendly troll with a magic green thumb grows...
A zombie is found aboard a boat off the New Yor...
A bored millionaire wagers his doctor that he c...
Baby photographer Ronnie Jackson, on death row ...
Fred Astaire (Tom) and Jane Powell (Ellen) are ...
A man in mid-life crisis befriends a young woma...
Bucum Jackson (Cube) is a bounty hunter with a ...
Hoping to alter the events of the past, a 19th ...
A contemporary comedy set in Los Angeles, Full ...
He's Irish, he's ageing, he drinks, is a touch ...
"Bull" McCabe's family has farmed a field for g...
In Ireland, American lawyer Ingrid Jessner and ...
The spoiled young heir to the decaying Amberson...
Bonnie and Hillary are two young lost souls who...
When a young boy's family is killed by the mob,...
A rather incoherent post-breakup Sex Pistols "d...
During a Space Shuttle mission a satellite rams...
Hawk the Slayer, after seeing both his father a...
A reluctant bride to be is stalked by a serial ...
Harvard graduate James Averill (Kris Kristoffer...
An idealistic but struggling actor finds his li...
Buck Bonham (Willie Nelson) is a country singer...
CIA agent Miles Kendig decides to get out of 't...
Oregon, 1980: Jane, Elaine and Louise are all f...
They're not human. But they hunt human women. N...
After a failed suicide attempt leaves him parti...
David Warner leads a band of modern day pirates...
Neil Diamond stars as Yussel in this tale of a ...
On April 5, 1941, a day before Nazi attack on Y...
In a small village, somewhere in France, German...
This movie tells the story of Omar Mukhtar, an ...
Two 15-year old girls from different sides of t...
In the late 1970s, Cockney crime boss Harold Sh...
The origins, exploits and the ultimate fate of ...
Hosted by Orson Welles, this documentary utiliz...
A woman's search for her missing sister leads h...
The didactic film is built around the ideas of ...
A writer of horror stories is invited to a "mon...
Roddy has a camera implanted in his brain. He i...
Farmer Vincent kidnaps unsuspecting travellers ...
Three girls discover that two men are willing t...
The story concerns two grizzled mountain men --...
Col. Vincent Kane is a military psychiatrist wh...
Professor Ayres discovers a secret in an ancien...
The KAOS organisation has developed a bomb that...
Scott James, a veteran martial arts expert, is ...
Second 'Oh God' movie has God appearing before ...
When God appears to an assistant grocery manage...
Browning is a PI with a bad cold, who's sent to...
Almodovar's first film of life in Madrid during...
Dave Speed is no ordinary Miami cop--he is an i...
With the impending ice age almost upon them, a ...
When a virus leaks from a top-secret facility, ...
A spoof of buddy cop movies where two very diff...
Harrison Lloyd is a Pulitzer-winning photojourn...
Jessica, a Jewish copy editor living and workin...
Pauline is a 'little girl of 66 years old'. She...
Documentarians Justine Shapiro and B.Z. Goldber...
In Mexico, two teenage boys and an attractive o...
Sensitive study of a headstrong high school foo...
Epic account of the thief Barabbas, who was spa...
Mary Carter inherits her family's ancestral hom...
A screwball comedy about a gay couple at a stra...
Bob Hope stars in this laugh-packed wild west s...
Two carefree castaways on a desert shore find a...
Bing Crosby an Bob Hope star in the first of th...
Duke &amp; Chester on a ship to Skagway, Alaska...
Stranded in Africa, Chuck and his pal Fearless ...
In a futuristic London, the rising sea levels m...
Simple conversations engender complicated human...
Military cadets take extreme measures to insure...
Seven former college friends, along with a few ...
Rude Boy is a semi-documentary, part character ...
It's 1961. Two servicemen smuggle a box of mili...
Writer Nick Gardenia is kidnapped from his Cali...
It's the end of the 70s. Hippies are assimilati...
Youthful martial arts master Lung is searching ...
A Shogun who grew paranoid as he became senile ...
A group of scientist take Simon, a psychology p...
The Bandit goes on another cross-country run, t...
A race car driver tries to transport an illegal...
The Enos duo convince Cletus, aka The Bandit, t...
A Dutch film, post-Saturday Night Fever, which ...
New Yorkers, Skip Donahue and Harry Monroe, hav...
Stig-Helmer and Ole Bramserud on a trip to the ...
Documents reveal in 1980 that the Germans plann...
Teenage Julien (Thierry Tevini) loves his teena...
A rare mutation has occurred within the vampire...
Three friends who head the Social Committee in ...
Pete, an eight-year-old Catholic boy growing up...
A mysterious creature is killing a farmer's liv...
A delicately told and deceptively simple story ...
The story centers around a murderous scheme to ...
Three characters in present-day Havana must cho...
Pirates take over a lighthouse on a rocky islan...
A search for a winning lottery ticket in his de...
After a 20 year stay at an asylum for a double ...
Until now, Zak Gibbs' greatest challenge has be...
Tells the story of Rainbow Randolph, the corrup...
Trapped in their New York brownstone's panic ro...
Jim Morris never made it out of the minor leagu...
Tells the story of Beatrice (Sarah Polley), a t...
Erika Kohut, a sexually repressed piano teacher...
In Harry Shearer's tongue-in-cheek comedy, a wa...
First of all, the title does not refer to someo...
An unemployed man finds his life sinking more a...
Set in the fictional village of "Ogw" in the va...
The life and loves of gay women hanging out at ...
Based on "Sister of the Road," the fictionalize...
Joanna Crane lives a double life. During the da...
Professional killer Holland is forced out of re...
A nerd gains the friendship of two of his frat ...
In 1830s France, pianist/composer Frédéric Chop...
A young orphaned woman, named Kotzebue, is tryi...
Five former cub scouts have a reunion and go ca...
High powered lawyer Claire Kubik finds her worl...
Van Wilder has been attending college for far t...
Three 40-something women in a small English tow...
Half-way through his 12-year prison sentence fo...
In late nineteenth century Charante, Protestant...
The intriguing relationship between three despe...
A compilation of 60s films on the bomb and what...
Charley Davis, against the wishes of his mother...
Based on the HG Wells story. The world is delig...
In ancient Japan a crime take place as told fro...
Located in the US Rust Belt, Charlestown is hom...
A rush-hour fender-bender on New York City's cr...
A man confesses to an FBI agent his family's st...
Alicia (Mia Kirshner) is a poor girl starting c...
Christina's love life is stuck in neutral. Afte...
Semi-true story of the Hollywood murder that oc...
A philosophical burlesque, Human Nature follows...
A young Greek woman falls in love with a non-Gr...
Dave Evans, a small time farmer, is hired to es...
At the beginning of the 20th century, a newspap...
A bush pilot is hired for $250,000 to go to Mex...
Hypochondriac Joe Banks finds out he has six mo...
Open City is a landmark in film history. Filmed...
Crazy old Professor Gangreen has developed a wa...
A few years ago, a mysterious serial-killer cau...
An uptight advertising exec has his entire life...
Three bachelors find themselves forced to take ...
Sylvia's work increasingly takes her away from ...
Two reporters travel to a strange castle in Tra...
No sooner does an all-American family takes pos...
Tenacious homicide detective Cassie Mayweather ...
In ancient Egypt, peasant Mathayus is hired to ...
Brazilian badlands, April 1910. Tonho is ordere...
This movie tells five stories set in a single d...
A romantic thriller based around the World War ...
Gwen is a teenager living in a small coastal to...
When Joshua moves to the outskirts of Auburn, h...
An Argentinian crime drama revolving around a s...
A magician with a mysterious secret lives alone...
A princess is determined to restore her homelan...
After hitting the road a man encounters charact...
In the year 2455, Old Earth is now a contaminat...
A reporter Lanie Kerrigan interviews a psychic ...
Dogtown and Z-Boys follows the evolution of ska...
As a child, Frank McKlusky watched his daredevi...
Someone we hear talking - but whom we do not se...
Janey is on vacation with her brother, Jim, mot...
After the murder of his beloved wife, a man in ...
Culled from the real life experiences of its st...
Vulgar is about a man who is a childrens clown ...
A 1920s mail pilot and a rich man's daughter cr...
Ex-bank robber and gambler, Bob, plans a heist ...
Joe's a car salesman with a problem. He has two...
An eccentric marketing guru visits a Coca-Cola ...
A British mercenary arrives in pre-Revolution C...
A soap opera writer gets hit on the head and wa...
Floyd, the owner of a bar on the Texas coast, h...
When Jack and Sally announce that they're split...
Bill, a wealthy businessman, confronts his junk...
The story of acerbic 1960s comic Lenny Bruce, w...
French anthropologist Jean-Charles Pommier and ...
A series of mysterious accidents at a food comp...
A woman trapped in a boring marriage begins an ...
Fact based story about a former Greek Olympic b...
A woman lawyer becomes mesmerized by a self-mad...
1950s New York City. A bad and bloody gang war ...
Woody Allen stars as Val Waxman, a two-time Osc...
After being bitten by a genetically altered spi...
Circa 1940 in Trinidad, still a British Colony,...
A newly unemployed salaryman meets a particular...
The classic Raymond Chandler tale retold with M...
Striving to be independent, the blind but deter...
Distraught when her middle-aged lover breaks a ...
The Cassandra Crossing is an all-star disaster ...
A black hole hits North Wisconsin and opens a d...
When Will Stoneman's father dies, he is left al...
The story of Captain Richard Francis Burton's a...
Rose, is taken in by the Hillyer family to serv...
Having both lost their jobs, two strangers beco...
Jack London's classic adventure story about the...
A boy and his dog, White Fang, must try to save...
Nerdy high school senior Dizzy Harrison has fin...
Connie is a wife and mother whose 11-year marri...
This breathtaking, visually experimental film f...
This melodrama investigates the life of a prost...
Omar, a homosexual Pakistani boy living in Lond...
During World War II, 19 year old soldier Alyosh...
Mama and daughters get forced by circumstances ...
It's 1934, and the evil local land baron forecl...
A young rich orphan loses his fiancée to voodoo...
Doris Day and Howard Keel fuss, feud and fall i...
Veronica and Boris are walking in the streets o...
An evil hyponotist/ventriloquist plots to gain ...
Vittles, songs and dance are amply ladeled out ...
1930's gangster era film about Dillinger and hi...
Will Freeman is a hip Londoner who one day real...
Ten years after the invasion of Naboo, the gala...
The movie tells the story of a young Jewish man...
Two young gentlemen living in 1890s England use...
A chronicle of events that led to the British i...
Philo Beddoe is your regular, easygoing, truck-...
When a nobleman is threatened by a family curse...
Barbara Graham is a woman with dubious moral st...
Martin Scorsese's rockumentary intertwines foot...
During the Napoleonic Wars, when the French hav...
Working-class waitress Slim thought she was ent...
Two Los Angeles homicide detectives are dispatc...
As a wild stallion travels across the frontiers...
A young filmmaker in 1960s Paris juggles direct...
The lives of a lawyer, an actuary, a houseclean...
Cowboys Beauregard Decker and Virgil Blessing a...
Chicago hotel clerk Frank Harris dreams of life...
Jed, an airline pilot, (Widmark) is resting in ...
New York City English professor Axel Freed outw...
When billionaire Jean-Marc Clement learns that ...
Barnaby Fulton is a research chemist working on...
Mountain Rivera is at the end of his boxing car...
The itinerant farmer and his young son help a h...
When the president of Russia suddenly dies, a m...
An Afro-American organization, the B.R.O.T.H.E....
Dramatization of Russian ballet star Vaclav Nij...
A young woman learns of her adoption and eventu...
When a humorous script-reader in her New York a...
In 1871, professional gambler John Devlin elope...
Richard Burton plays a Scottish Army officer pu...
Christmas, family, and infidelity. Yvette's hus...
In 1904, in Dublin, James Joyce chats up Nora B...
College student Jake Lo is pursued by smugglers...
In a future Earth barren of all flora and fauna...
1960s musical showcasing Cliff Richard. Four bu...
Handsome Stranger has agreed to escort Charming...
The members of an expedition in search for the ...
When a Harvard-educated CIA agent is killed dur...
A mother and daughter dispute is resolved by th...
After a martini-induced rampage, a fantasy-pron...
Based on a local legend and set in an unknown e...
Wounded to the brink of death and suffering fro...
The Mystery Inc. gang have gone their separate ...
Joe Enders is a gung-ho Marine assigned to prot...
A group of Catholic school friends, after being...
Napoleon, exiled, devises a plan to retake the ...
An old gangster is advised that Freddie Mays wo...
College has always been a time for experimentat...
Lt. Franta Slama is a top pilot in the Czech Ai...
Jeff Bridges stars as young con man named Jake ...
In this comedy, Atouk becomes leader of the mis...
Two brothers who can feel each others' pain and...
The players in an ongoing poker game are being ...
The story of a romantic relationship between a ...
Henry Moon is captured for a capital offense by...
Danny O'Brien is back in action fighting the no...
The small city of Tarker's Mill is startled by ...
Leona Stevenson is confined to bed and uses her...
John Russell, disdained by his "respectable" fe...
A somewhat vulgar but dedicated painter searche...
Named after the World War II-era program, the p...
Two garbage men find the body of a city council...
A movie producer who made a huge flop tries to ...
After Custer and the 7th Cavalry are wiped out ...
Jack, a Palm Beach detective, becomes involved ...
Victoria "V.I" Warshawski is a Chicago based pr...
A basketball star is booted out of the NBA when...
A lonely Hawaiian girl named Lilo is being rais...
John Anderton is a top 'Precrime' cop in the la...
In 1931, three aboriginal girls escape after be...
A woman and her new husband returns to her home...
When a powerful developer named Mr. Scheck want...
When Longfellow Deeds, a small-town pizzeria ow...
Self-esteem and insecurity are at the heart of ...
When perfect, perky Carolyn (Christina Ricci) a...
When Samantha LeBon hatches a scheme to spend a...
In the summer of 1942 two young boys are sent t...
Trying to get his act together, a con artist ge...
  A valuable piece of art is stolen from a couple.
After the 1860s Wild West, a group of misfit se...
            Interracial love story set in Detroit.
Calvin and his friends, who all live in an orph...
Kay and Jay reunite to provide our best, last a...
The Powerpuff Girls Movie tells the origin stor...
During a long, hot summer in seventies London, ...
Aussie adventurer Steve Irwin aka The Crocodile...
In post-apocalyptic England, an American volunt...
Mike Sullivan works as a hit man for crime boss...
All About Lily Chou-Chou follows two childhood ...
My Wife is an Actress is a French Romantic Come...
Two people who have pledged never to fall in lo...
When the first manned flight to Venus returns t...
A rich girl steals her dad's Rolls Royce and he...
Jack Worthing and Algernon Moncrieff are two me...
A female aerobics instructor meets a male repor...
The film focuses on the representatives of the ...
Fox, a former circus performer, wins the lotter...
A documentary-style drama based on true account...
Repression is the rule of the day in this film ...
Serial Killer Michael Myers is not finished wit...
Various lives converge on an isolated island, a...
The residents of a rural mining town discover t...
When Russia's first nuclear submarine malfuncti...
Stuart, an adorable white mouse, still lives ha...
The world's most shagadelic spy continues his f...
For Beary Barrington, The Country Bears' young ...
Documentary about legendary Paramount producer ...
Zhao is an old laid-off worker who's dreaming o...
Beautiful, sophisticated women are all over Osc...
A comedy about a hitman who sees everything in ...
Two hoplessly out of their class con-men attemp...
Hans is a street fruit peddler and born-loser. ...
Jonathan Harker is sent away to Count Dracula's...
The ultimate disaster film parody. A nuclear po...
The life story of the famous pianist and band-l...
While touring abroad in Europe, beautiful Ameri...
Flint is again called out of retirement when hi...
In rural Sicily, the fishermen live at the merc...
Modesty Blaise, a secret agent whose hair color...
Gino, a drifter, begins an affair with inn-owne...
When scientists use eco-terrorism to impose the...
Set in feudal times, novice physician, Yuzo Kay...
Whatever became of Robin Hood after his famed t...
Popular and dashing American singer Nick Rivers...
A sweet-natured Italian waiter named Pistachio ...
A family living on a farm finds mysterious crop...
Giulia (Giovanna Mezzogiorno) and Carlo (Stefan...
Exploring the further adventures of Carmen and ...
A discount store clerk strikes up an affair wit...
Still recovering from a heart transplant, a ret...
Xander Cage is your standard adrenaline junkie ...
In 1976, Tony Wilson sets up Factory Records an...
In 1997, rap superstars Tupac Shakur and Christ...
Two brothers go to France to claim the chateau ...
Stuck in a dull marriage, successful shrink Mia...
A female election agent and a gun-toting soldie...
The controversial bad-boy of comedy delivers a ...
A love story between a country boy in Beijing t...
A film poem inspired by the Peruvian poet César...
She is almost deaf and she lip-reads. He is an ...
A mystery set in the environs of Lausanne conce...
Rémi is a man trapped in a deteriorating marria...
Only a few songs as Elvis plays it straight as ...
Nicolas, a handsome, young waiter, is befriende...
Burglary. Drugs. Assault. Rape. The students at...
In a corporate-controlled future, an ultra-viol...
The year is 2087, the setting is the moon. Plut...
Nothing gets between Anne Marie and her board. ...
Martha is a single woman who lives for one pass...
Mute Hee-Jin is working as a clerk in a fishing...
Maud Bailey, a brilliant English academic, is r...
Sy "the photo guy" Parrish has lovingly develop...
Serving Sara is a 2002 romantic comedy film whi...
The career of a disillusioned producer, who is ...
Monroe Hutchens is the heavyweight champion of ...
Amy is a single 29 year old Jewish woman. She w...
Havoc is created in a small Southern community ...
Naoya and Katsuhiro are boyfriends, new in thei...
When his long-time disappeared father is enteri...
The life story of Milford Beeghly: Iowa farmer,...
After the death of her husband, Lilia's life re...
The Care Bears have their work cut out for them...
This animated adventure goes back in time to th...
To win the right to marry his love, the beautif...
Charlie Sheen, Lloyd Bridges, Cary Elwes, Valer...
An airplane exposed to radiation lands, and blo...
Scientist Dr. Bradford Crane and army general T...
The Wildest Chase Of The Century! London 1893 i...
Mad doctor uses patients at his isolated psychi...
People who dial 976-EVIL receive supernatural p...
Freda Lopez, an aspiring musician, travels with...
Beverly Hills couple Barbara and Dave Whiteman ...
Sam Burton's second wife Neddy is Indian, their...
 Elvis Prestley's first film is a Civil War drama.
In 1918, an English family are terrorized by a ...
Baron Frankenstein, working under the protectiv...
Two cops are given the 'dirty' job of staking o...
A troubled young man discovers that he has a kn...
A New York cop investigates a series of brutal ...
With four corpses on his hands, New York City g...
Welcome to Splendona High School, Texas, where ...
Malik Bishop is the best killer in the business...
The love story who transformed Juana I de Casti...
One of the all-time comedy classics, René Clair...
Two law school friends find themselves at odds ...
Erik is a hip-hop-lovin' teen living in Philade...
A man struggling to come to terms with the sins...
Ben Cronin has it all: the admiration of his ma...
The actress Neely break with her boyfriend. Lot...
In the small New England town of Galen, a young...
Set in the 1930s, an honest, goodhearted man is...
Mari and Phyllis go to the "big city" to see th...
While doing a thesis about violence, Ángela fin...
True story of the saga that was hoped to be the...
A day in the life of a barbershop on the south ...
John and his girlfriend have vowed to marry onc...
Former Special Forces officer, Frank Martin wil...
Grieving after the death of her young son Josep...
True tale of the tumultuous love affair between...
A young man's peculiar upbringing renders him u...
An actor becomes increasingly introverted and p...
T.J. and his friend Dexter quit their jobs in D...
Offbeat fashion student Betsy Hopper and her st...
When mild-mannered Martin Harvey finds out that...
Dr. Carruthers feels bitter at being betrayed b...
Bumbling Ernest P. Worrell is assigned to jury ...
Well-intentioned, eternally bumbling Ernest P. ...
Three skydivers and their travelling thrill sho...
A group of young and wild motocross racers vent...
On the way to California, a family has the misf...
A group of childhood friends, now in their thir...
Goldie returns from five years at the state pen...
Dodger, a criminal monkey, belongs to a crooked...
After several people and a dog are found dead i...
Christopher Gill is a psychotic killer who uses...
Visitors to a remote island discover that a rec...
A crew of Martians overhears a radio broadcast ...
Shep Ramsey is an interstellar hero, righting w...
Two Asian-American "surfer-dude" brothers disco...
The youngsters Matahi and Reri are in love with...
The streets of the Bronx are owned by 60’s yout...
Jody convinces his parents to allow him to adop...
A gang of five diverse oddball criminal types r...
A meek bank clerk who oversees the shipment of ...
The unassuming, nebbishy inventor Sidney Stratt...
Set in Glasgow during the mid 70s, Ratcatcher i...
A Beverly Hills teen (Billy Warlock) discovers ...
At age 42, Rafael Belvedere is having a crisis....
Das Experiment is a shocking psycho thriller ab...
Jonathan Ecks, an FBI agent, realizes that he m...
In the late '60s, the self-proclaimed belles of...
The story, set in 1875, follows a British offic...
When their daughter is kidnapped by experienced...
Eight women gather to celebrate Christmas in a ...
When Antonia's husband Massimo is killed in a c...
A Jewish strongman performs in Berlin as the bl...
Based on an Edgar Allan Poe story, this film te...
A young woman, recently released from a mental ...
A ten year old girl who wanders away from her p...
This riveting documentary depicts former Secret...
New York fashion designer Melanie Carmichael su...
Cabbie-turned-chauffeur Jimmy Tong learns there...
Sam Roberts thinks he has all the answers: the ...
A famous psychiatrist (Ty Adams) takes on the j...
A group of thirtysomethings having problems wit...
As he copes with the death of his fiancee along...
SHANGHAI GHETTO recalls the strange-but-true st...
An inspirational tale about the relationship be...
Hubert is a French policeman with very sharp me...
Get ready as Bob the Tomato, Larry the Cucumber...
Former FBI Agent Will Graham, who was once almo...
Three women confront their pasts which changes ...
The dramatised story of the Irish civil rights ...
A woman takes the law into her own hands after ...
A lonely plumber poses as a director to meet wo...
A failed novelist's inability to pay the bills ...
Five hapless inner-city low-lifes attempt to bu...
The year is 1965 and Danny Embling, is an awkwa...
The 4th film in the Godzilla franchise restores...
The 10th Godzilla film.  A boy uses his imagina...
A 400-foot  dinosaur-like beast attacks Tokyo. ...
Nick Hart is a struggling American artist who l...
Greg Powell, a disturbed ex-con, recruits Jimmy...
An exploration of technologically developing na...
The story of the life and career of the basebal...
Summer, 1984: 30 years after Duane captained th...
Set in Baroque France, a scheming widow and her...
The title says it all. There's a mix up involvi...
Ernest P. Worrell is now in the military as a s...
After Jonathan Harker attacks Dracula at his ca...
Something is rotten at the Elsinore Brewery. Bo...
Milquetoast Henry Limpet experiences his fondes...
Claire of the Moon is set in the 1990s in the P...
Django is a 1966 Italian spaghetti Western film...
Former gunfighter Django has become a monk and ...
A record store clerk is an obsessed fan of an a...
Cannes, 1999. Alice, an actress, wants to direc...
A hippie radical, Huey Walker has been a fugiti...
The complete innocent, Michael Jordon, is drawn...
A strange and ultimately tragic tale of a young...
Bill Savage is struggling to maintain his marri...
New York private eye Shamus McCoy likes girls, ...
An executive (Dave Foley) after being passed ov...
In the dark silence of the sea during World War...
Sidney is a writer who's just left her L.A. Tim...
Four sons of well-known New York mobsters must ...
The incredibly spoiled and overprivileged stude...
Natalie Babbitt's award winning book for childr...
A teenager journeys through a series of foster ...
Why do 11,000 people die in America each year a...
A look at the work of two stand-up comics, Jerr...
The Comte de Gonzague schemes against his cousi...
All your favorite Pokémon characters are back, ...
A beleaguered small-business owner gets a harmo...
The film is about the French film industry from...
Stranded and alone on a desert island during a ...
Charlie, his sexy girlfriend, and his moronic b...
A psychological thriller about a senior at one ...
Elmo McElroy is a streetwise American master ch...
It sounded like just another urban legend: A vi...
A successful TV star during the 1960s, former "...
Documentary about Fidel Castro, covering 40 yea...
A Nazi doctor, along with the Sonderkomando Jew...
Hansel and Gretel is a 2002 film adaptation of ...
A visual montage portrait of our contemporary w...
There's more to Ana Garcia than meets the eye. ...
A French marquis (Sergei Dreiden) wanders throu...
The fashionable Hye-joo is focused on her caree...
Tully Jr. (Anson Mount) and Earl (Glenn Fitzger...
In the year 1935, a teen named Billy Bathgate f...
In the latter part of World War II, a boy and h...
Jason Voorhees, the living, breathing essence o...
Arthur Bishop is a veteran hit man who, owing t...
Tony Manero is a Brooklyn paint-store clerk who...
It's five years later and Tony Manero's Saturda...
An American occult novelist battles to save the...
Hard Hat Days Honky-Tonk Nights. John Travolta ...
A masked killer targets six college kids respon...
Two ill-matched teenage girls form a punk band ...
A renowned former army scout is hired by ranche...
Low-budget superhero flick about a young man gi...
This puber-comedy is a kind of mixture between ...
An active volcano threatens a south Pacific isl...
Harvey and Zoey, two tourists in Israel, discov...
              An alien creature stalks human prey.
A beautiful muse inspires an artist and his old...
A two-bit promoter tries to take a women's wres...
A prosecutor leaks a false story that liquor wa...
Executive George Dupler loses his temper and is...
A researcher for the CIA who convinces his supe...
Bud Spencer plays Banana Joe, a brawny yet frie...
Germany, 1968: The priest's daughters Marianna ...
Jack Terry is a master sound recordist who work...
Otherworldly creatures inhabit the bootleg tunn...
Buddy Buddy is a 1981 American comedy film dire...
A caretaker at a summer camp is burned when a p...
Orson Welles, as judge Rauch, holds a lengthy t...
Three friends out to disprove cannibalism meet ...
A white corporate executive is surprised to dis...
Famous detective Charlie Chan is called out of ...
Alan gets a map to some war treasure which the ...
The Chosen follows the story of two teenage boy...
When the boss' unlucky daughter is missing in S...
A hard-nosed Chicago journalist has an unlikely...
A farce satirizing extraterrestrial horror movi...
In Warsaw in 1980, the Communist Party sends Wi...
After a series of gory murders commited by mobs...
This film is set in Amish Country, at a local f...
Canada 1931: The unsociable trapper Johnson liv...
Two young kids fall in love with each other. Bu...
After completing his training of ninjutsu withi...
Barbara Hershey stars as Carla Moran, a hard-wo...
A ruthless German spy, trying to get out of Bri...
Daryll Deever is a janitor in an office buildin...
This movie continues in the same vein as F.O.D....
A collection of death scenes, ranging from TV-m...
This third installment focuses largely on seria...
Follows the same pattern of the other Faces of ...
A direct-to-video compilation of the highlights...
In Faces of Death: Fact or Fiction, director/cr...
Madame Jouve, the narrator, tells the tragedy o...
For the first time in history a woman is appoin...
From the sight of a police officer this movie d...
Also known as Moritorium and Georgia's Friends,...
Three middle-aged wealthy couples take vacation...
As a lone spaceship proceeds on its long voyage...
As World War I rages, brave and youthful Austra...
A police inspector, suspecting an attorney of t...
Four successful elderly gentlemen, members of t...
When his father - who owned a circus - dies, Os...
Gerry hires a car in Kaitaia with a stolen lice...
In his Scottish New Town home, gangling Gregory...
To secure an order for 1 000 cruise ships from ...
Jon Lansdale is a comic book artist who loses h...
Virginia is proud that she belongs to a clique....
Heartbeeps stars Andy Kaufman and Bernadette Pe...
The boy Kim moves with his family from the coun...
A crew of interplanetary archaeologists is thre...
Corrine Burns retreats far into plans for her b...
A film adaptation of D.H. Lawrence's novel. Aft...
When the young Texas Ranger, John Reid, is the ...
Lili Marleen is the story of a German singer na...
Ten years after the war, West Germany's market ...
Plastic surgeon Larry Roberts performs a series...
Bugs Bunny hosts an award show featuring severa...
At a summer camp for youths, cocky pre-teen cal...
The main character, nicknamed "Teddy Bear" by h...
Jealous, harried air traffic controller Max Fie...
A film editor breaks up with his girlfriend, un...
A shy and mute seamstress goes insane after bei...
Twenty years ago in the sleepy mining town of V...
Wallace Shawn and Andre Gregory, apparently pla...
One man's quiet suburban life takes a sickening...
Investigators search for soldiers' missing bodi...
An aspiring country singer (Dennis Quaid) and h...
A boozy Broadway actress comes out of a 12-week...
A musical set in the great Busby Berkeley style...
A frustrated Boston detective searches for the ...
A scuba diving instructor, her biochemist boyfr...
A suburban housewife's world falls apart when h...
Phillip Filmore is a naive, 15-year-old, preocc...
French secret agent Joss Baumont is sent to kil...
Documentary about French philosopher (and autho...
After discovering a passenger ship missing sinc...
Johnny Knoxville and his crazy friends appear o...
Ace is an impressionable young man working for ...
The Truth About Charlie is a 2002 remake of the...
Penny's love for her partner, taxi-driver Phil,...
A mismatched team of British Special Services a...
Young aspiring pianist attracts attention of fa...
"Frida" chronicles the life Frida Kahlo shared ...
After breaking up with his lover and boss, a sm...
The year is 1890 and Bible professor Russell Ca...
Foreign Legion officer, Galoup, recalls his onc...
An unscrupulous movie producer blackmails an un...
Sir James Bond is called back out of retirement...
A bag full of symbolic folklore about werewolve...
A macho man in a family on the eve of deer-hunt...
The theme is the founding of the state of Israe...
Stanley Ford leads an idyllic bachelor life. He...
Without hostile intent, a Soviet sub runs agrou...
Concert pianist Henry Orient (Peter Sellers) is...
When the Switchblade, the most sophisticated pr...
Better watch out! The big guy in red is coming ...
A 21st century sorceress (Hardman) arrives in a...
Itinerant Kurdish teachers, carrying blackboard...
New York serves as a backdrop for a cast of cha...
A newspaper photographer, Jean, researches the ...
A woman tries to straighten out her life, even ...
The setting is Detroit in 1995. The city is div...
ETOILES: DANCERS OF THE PARIS OPERA BALLET cele...
In 1950s Connecticut, a housewife faces a marit...
Michèle, 20 years old, feels terrible after hav...
The close friendship of two young women, each o...
This movie tells the story of a man who goes un...
Ignoring threats to his life, Harry returns to ...
A variety of characters, some close relatives, ...
The young Father Amaro is put to the test. He i...
Out of work TV cameraman Ron Kobelski is approa...
In 1959, Berry Gordy Jr. gathered the best musi...
The story begins on a fine summers morning, whe...
In a future world ruled by good-looking people,...
John Travolta is a downtrodden single father ra...
As the heir and current marketing director for ...
General Clive Candy lives through four decades ...
Lt. Col. Kirby Yorke is posted on the Texas fro...
The London police is having trouble with organi...
In New South Wales, Jared surfs with his mates ...
A witty and clever comedy that follows four lon...
During the US Civil War, Union POWs escape in a...
Kevin Burke a young executive for a multination...
The sequel to the blockbuster "Left Behind". It...
A squad of British soldiers on training in the ...
Keitel plays the lead in this schizophrenic mov...
Swedish account of Raoul Wallenberg, the man re...
An Italian socialite on the run signs on as hou...
Two guys, handsome William and his side kick Lu...
Bored with the limited and tedious nature of pr...
French adaptation of Marcel Pagnol's memoirs of...
My Mother's Castle (Le chateau de ma mere) is a...
In this sequel to the 1980 classic, two childre...
A car dealer, well-to-do and with a beautiful w...
After federal agents arrest a drug czar and put...
A masked killer, wearing World War II U.S. Army...
A speculation on the fate of the famous hijacke...
Nita, a divorced mother of two boys, is stuck w...
A young black pianist becomes embroiled in the ...
Two literary women compete for 20 years: one wr...
Gaetano, giovane napoletano, decide di lasciare...
A truck driver plays a cat-and-mouse game with ...
An Arab oil organization devises a plan to wrec...
Primarily a spoof of the Friday the 13th series...
Darryl Revok is the most powerful of all the sc...
Sharky gets busted back to working vice, where ...
Janet and Brad become contestants on a game sho...
A young man grows up in Sarajevo in the 1960s, ...
While trying to get his father out of a financi...
2 buddy farmers are visited by aliens who like ...
A squad of National Guards on an isolated weeke...
Egyptologist Erica Baron finds more than she ba...
Poet/lecturer Charles Serking awakens from his ...
Director Mickey Rose's zany send-up of teen sla...
A junior executive is ordered to boost output i...
The Tarzan story from Jane's point of view. Jan...
Karl Kinsky, an unbalanced tattoo artist, becom...
A mad cap private-eye caper about a team of det...
Frank is an expert professional safecracker, sp...
Though several actors portray Elvis Presley at ...
A cop clashes with his priest brother while inv...
A handsome and successful young man with a love...
Follows the escalation of hostilities between a...
Bond takes on a North Korean leader who undergo...
William Hundert is a passionate and principled ...
Craig and Day Day have finally moved out of the...
Three women's escapes from their afflicted live...
A stylish political thriller where love and war...
A suicidal young singer named Reni (Cecilia Ben...
Two men share an odd friendship while they care...
Adam Sandler invites you to share some holiday ...
While filming an advertisement, some extreme sp...
Upon arrival at the space station orbiting an o...
When space galleon cabin boy Jim Hawkins discov...
After witnessing a horrific and traumatic event...
Riding around on their motorbikes, a gang of to...
What To Do In Case of Fire? tells the humorous ...
While camping in France, Eric and Eddy fall in ...
George has been in a mental hospital for 3 year...
Danila goes to his older brother to start a new...
Cinematographic adaptation of classical Russian...
When his mother, who has sheltered him his enti...
An aspiring writer is repeatedly gang-raped, hu...
A Victorian gentleman hopes to find his long-lo...
Looking to escape her unhappy marriage, villain...
Femme fatal/con artist Bridget Gregory travels ...
A nine year old boy named Joey, who after the t...
A gifted teenager, dreaming of life beyond her ...
The year is 1997, and World Peace seems to have...
A mercenary with a three-bladed sword rediscove...
In 1879, during the Zulu wars, man of the peopl...
The mafia's Paul Vitti is back in prison and wi...
A big time drug dealer Victor Rosa is looking t...
A love-lorn script writer grows increasingly de...
In a dystopian future, a totalitarian regime ma...
In the 19th century, the Prince Regent of the Q...
A young Asian girl applies for a job at a massa...
Set in a forlorn mining town near Valencienne i...
Based on the plot of Euripides' Medea. Medea ce...
A young Italian actress embarks on a self-destr...
A father, who is a failed former television rep...
The film follows four families, with different ...
Urgh! A Music War is a British film released in...
October 1934. Poland. Famous bank robber Kwinto...
The movie begins with the Jönsson gang making a...
Early Errol Morris documentary intersplices ran...
A group of POWs in a German prison camp during ...
Ken Harrison is an artist that lives to make sc...
Part fact and part fiction, Zoot Suit is the fi...
A quartet of murderous psychopaths break out of...
Eccentric scientist Dr .Daniel and his shy assi...
In this action comedy the French boxer Jo Caval...
Tim Burstall directs then-up-and-comers Mel Gib...
The misadventures of Attila and his band of bar...
A broadway playwright is burning the candle at ...
Karl Westover, an inexperienced farm boy, runs ...
In the beginning of the movie you see a woman g...
When a professional couple who have lived &amp;...
The town sheriff and a madame team up to stop a...
A corrupted border agent decides to clean up hi...
The second film from the Le Boum series about a...
A strange young man has a sinister effect on th...
Britannia Hospital, an esteemed English institu...
For nearly five years, acclaimed German filmmak...
A depressed section of Monterey, California is ...
Rick, a down-and-out American boxer, is hired t...
Andy is a new teacher at a inner city high scho...
The Disciples of James Dean meet up on the anni...
Danton (Gérard Depardieu) and Robespierre (Wojc...
A Broadway playwright puts murder in his plan t...
The film follows the adventures of Murat (Arkın...
A relatively boring Los Angeles couple discover...
A fish-out-of-water comedy about a talented str...
Not only is Jessica Spencer (Rachel McAdams) th...
Marisa Ventura is a struggling single mom who w...
En route to the honeymoon of William Riker to D...
66-year-old Warren Schmidt is a retired insuran...
El Bola, a 12 year old boy a.k.a. "Pellet" is a...
Desmond Doyle is devastated when his wife aband...
The story of a fire captain who lost eight men ...
An enigmatic tale of four people whose lives ar...
A failed New Jersey inventor embarks on a caree...
Following her boyfriend's suicide, supermarket ...
Frodo and Sam are trekking to Mordor to destroy...
During the Japanese occupation of China, two pr...
The filmed adaptation from David Benioff's nove...
A sailor prone to violent outbursts is sent to ...
It's 1863. America was born in the streets. Ams...
Dedicated environmental lawyer Lucy Kelson goes...
Eliza and Debbie are two sisters who don't alwa...
An undercover narc dies, the investigation stal...
Michael, a wimpy young executive, is about to g...
A female rookie in the police force engages in ...
Sizzingly sexy Madonna leads a star-filled cast...
A troublemaking student at a girl's school accu...
An aging agent is called back by "the Company" ...
In 1800, as Napoleon Bonaparte rises to power i...
Bud Corliss (Wagner) is an ambitious student wh...
American ne'er-do-well Joe January is hired to ...
When Fred gets out of prison, he decides to sta...
Vada Sultenfuss has a holiday coming up, and an...
Vada Sultenfuss is obsessed with death. Her mot...
Two sisters move to the country with their fath...
Bob Hope and Bing Crosby return as con men Ches...
Running Time was filmed in black and white, in ...
When Prince Ahmad (John Justin) is blinded and ...
Napoleon's tumultuous relations with Russia inc...
A murder mystery writer misreads the nervous ma...
When New York attorney Gordon Hocheiser meets L...
A war veteran tries to investigate the murder o...
A group of scientists travel to a remote island...
A sorority house is terrorized by a stranger wh...
A shower of meteorites produces a rare night ti...
A Jewish girl in 19th century London dreams of ...
In the early hours of the night, young David Ma...
The beautiful O is taken by her boyfriend, Rene...
In India, about 260 BC in the Empire of Magadha...
Two men, working as professional boxers, come t...
Jonny dreams of leaving his dead-end job as a c...
Jack Casey ('Kevin Bacon' )used to be a hot-sho...
A true story about Frank Abagnale Jr. who, befo...
Roberto Benigni adapts the classic children's t...
Murderesses Velma Kelly and Roxie Hart find the...
"The Hours" is the story of three women searchi...
In 1918, a young, disillusioned Adolph Hitler s...
The Charles Dickens story of Nicholas Nickleby,...
The Pianist is a film adapted from the biograph...
New Orleans, 1981. Sonny Phillips, just dischar...
What happens when the man who knows everything ...
A woman moves from NYC to LA after a murder, in...
Upon discovery of a shard of what could be the ...
Alex (David Hess) is a darkly sinister thug dri...
Aspiring comic Rupert Pupkin attempts to achiev...
Following the unexplained suicide of his wife L...
Television made him famous, but his biggest hit...
Ema is a very attractive but innocent girl, so ...
The comedic stylings of four sort-of famous fun...
Tom Leezak and Sarah McNerney fall in love and ...
With his life already in shambles -- his girlfr...
A joinery instructor at a rehab center refuses ...
Brazilian-Japanese gangster Mario rescues his C...
Ray Pluto has many problems. He is satirized in...
A new waitress working at an Italian restaurant...
Paul Morse is a good guy. When his friends thro...
Two childhood friends, a New York hairstylist a...
Two mismatched security guards are thrown toget...
Yankie director Don Tyler faces mounting insecu...
Cidade de Deus is a shantytown that started dur...
Four friends fight an insane man's crusade to e...
Kira and Mads try to work out their marriage, a...
Dempsey Cain is an honored cop, a loving husban...
In the lower-middle-class Adams family, father ...
Tom Ripley, who deals in forged art, suggests a...
Edward J. Olmos made his directorial bow with t...
Two crooks with a fondness for old Hollywood B-...
An aloof, struggling food photographer thinks h...
A "rockumentary", covering the rise to fame of ...
Fritz Haarmann, who has killed at least 27 boys...
In the fall of 1963, Eddie Birdlace is an 18-ye...
Lieutenant Ted Jackson spends his lat day on ac...
Mike works on a boat in Acapulco. When the brat...
Elvis plays Ross Carpenter, a fishing guide/sai...
Lora Meredith, a white single mother who dreams...
A young American girl and a young French boy me...
The shy teenager Tom McHugh worships his sexy n...
Blacklisted by the major airlines for endlessly...
Pepe Le Moko is a gangster from Paris hiding in...
When high-school heartthrob Michael receives an...
Michael Pappas and his girlfriend, Cathy, are e...
Martin works at the local radio station, which ...
When a happily married family man, who would ne...
A vengeful spirit has taken the form of the Too...
The film "Amen." examines the links between the...
Documentarians Andre Heller and Othmar Schmider...
Documentary about the life of avant-garde filmm...
A man goes blind when remembering his lost girl...
A tough, Jewish ex-con just released from priso...
Diahann Carroll was nominated for both an Oscar...
Paratroopers Captain 'Rip' Murdock  and Sergean...
A crusty, eccentric priest recruits three reluc...
Based on the novel of the same name by Edith Wh...
The California Atoms are in last place with no ...
Wishing to become a successful Reggae singer, a...
Frederick Bolton has to solve two problems. Fir...
Russell Walker is a young, successful manager o...
Young English girl Nikky and her aunt arrive at...
Sugar Hill is a 1994 American crime-drama/neo-n...
A bourgeois couple, modern yet conventional. On...
A mythic motorcycle tale of father and son", th...
When Kimberly has a violent premonition of a hi...
A brilliant CIA trainee must prove his worth at...
Bored with Bollywood movies but fascinated with...
In May 1948, shortly before the creation of the...
Fulton and Pepe's 2000 documentary captures Ter...
Psychological horror about a lonely young woman...
Jobless sportswriter Eddie Willis is hired by c...
Naive Stanley Windrush returns from the war, hi...
Sherlock Holmes is drawn into the case of Jack ...
Michael Lynch is a notorious criminal with two ...
A hard-hitting western drama starring Mitchum a...
Jean and Bill are a married couple trying to sc...
A submissive hooker goes about her trade, suffe...
Three criminals plan to break out of prison the...
Insurance executive Charles suspects his wife H...
A prominent lawyer goes after a blackmailer who...
Thriller about a New York ex-cop and an attract...
The feeble-minded Sven's mother dies and he get...
Five highly-trained KGB agents are sent to the ...
Trying to find how a millionaire wound up with ...
The Soviets have developed a revolutionary new ...
A 1930s Scottish doctor (Sean Connery) goes cli...
A casino security guard is forced into violence...
Cruchot's police office moves into a new buildi...
Old West highwayman Bill Miner, known to Pinker...
"This is an entirely imaginary story about the ...
Young boy leaves the Oklahoma farm to travel wi...
Human Highway is a 1982 comedy film starring an...
Jack Williams was the best friend of Vietnam ve...
A light comedy/love story based on the life of ...
Dr. Jekyll (Mark Blankfield) inhales white powd...
                                               NaN
Not until three years after the death of her hu...
A camp melodrama/comedy about Sexilia (a nympho...
The friendship of a group of young friends stru...
From a riddle-speaking butterfly, a unicorn lea...
Invisible aliens in a tiny flying saucer come t...
Dragon and his madcap pal Cowboy spend their da...
A perfect typical LA couple find their happily-...
An archaelogist opens an Egyptian tomb and acci...
The Topalovic family has been in the burial bus...
Megaforce is an elite multi-national military u...
Centred around a weekend party at the home of i...
Based on the real-life experiences of Ed Horman...
In 1905, after 10 years of missionary work in A...
The vows of an ambitious young American priest ...
Monty Python Live at the Hollywood Bowl is a 19...
A Polish contractor, Nowak, leads a group of wo...
A couple of youngish adventurers go into the wi...
The Night of San Lorenzo, the night of the shoo...
In June of 1791, a group of passengers in a sta...
Hank and Frannie don't seem to be able to live ...
Tom Smothers stars as the brave mountie, who al...
After their caravan is attacked and their respe...
Benson is a police detective. After a series of...
While shooting a film, the director becomes int...
In downtown Manhattan, a twenty-something boy w...
This film chronicles the relationship of two fe...
A comedy/musical utilizing both new songs and p...
It is 1947, the year of the communist rebellion...
Witek runs after a train. Three variations foll...
Félix, disguised as Father Christmas, hands out...
New York police are bemused by reports of a gia...
Here is the story of a beautiful, proud and tou...
The third and most successful of four stand-up ...
"He wrote me..." A woman narrates the thoughts ...
The young daughter of a politician runs away du...
Following the success of the 1979 show and the ...
In Munich in 1955, sports reporter Robert Krohn...
After fifteen years of marriage, an affluent co...
Stopping briefly in a small Texas town, an itin...
A wealthy cosmetic tycoon and her 12-year-old d...
Terrorists take over a plutonium bomb and threa...
A Vietnam vet returns home from a prisoner of w...
A burned-out New York police detective teams up...
On location in Portugal, a film crew runs out o...
A new-wave extravaganza in which a young woman ...
When one of his patients is found murdered, psy...
The movie tells a melancholic story of a little...
Gawain was a squire in King Arthur's court when...
Pretending to do research for his newspaper, co...
A sobering mid-life crisis fuels dissatisfactio...
An American writer in Rome is stalked by a seri...
Get set for all the zany fun in this hilarious ...
From deep within the tomb of the Egyptian phara...
The Pink Panther diamond is stolen once again f...
La Traviata is a 1983 Italian film written, des...
International terrorists attempt to kidnap a we...
                                               NaN
During the Second World War, a small group of s...
A trainer attempts to retrain a vicious dog tha...
When SAS Captain Peter Skellen is thrown out of...
Political double-talk, dirty tricks, hidden mic...
A harsh portrait of Turkey, its people and its ...
This Italian-Turkish co-production helmed by ge...
Peyton and Barney are fun loving high school st...
Eva Dandridge is a very uptight young woman who...
An advice columnist, Andie Anderson (Kate Hudso...
The dynamic duo of Chon Wang and Roy O'Bannon r...
He dwells in a world of eternal night, but the ...
Mowgli, missing the jungle and his old friends,...
In a small North Carolina town, Paul, a womaniz...
The struggle to eradicate apartheid in South Af...
The struggles of an artist. Jang Seung-up (1843...
Two friends named Gerry become lost in the dese...
Angelique, a young student, is in love with a m...
Avery (Jones) returns to college as a competiti...
Three friends encounter violence and bigotry in...
Mr. Wilson's ever-present annoyance comes in th...
An east coast efficiency expert who stakes his ...
Based on the real-life Richard Speck murders, a...
"Black" is a stunning fire-and-silk stallion ce...
While traveling with his father, young Alec bec...
Claude Sautet's romantic drama stars Romy Schne...
A Russian countess stows away in the stateroom ...
Accused of a crime they didn't commit, two city...
A Tokyo businessman (Hiroshi Hada), transferred...
Wifes and children of the Mormon Orville Beecha...
Watermelon farmer Vince Majestyk (Charles Brons...
A tough police detective escapes from custody h...
A blind, uneducated white girl is befriended by...
Jack Higgins' straightforward thriller about a ...
A young district attorney seeking to prove a ca...
Truncated adaptation of Stephen Crane's novel a...
The story of the film centres around urban hous...
A man and woman share a telephone line and desp...
Thomas Jerome Newton is an alien who comes to E...
Set during the Rodney King riots, a robbery hom...
The film centers mostly around the personal and...
A man against capital punishment is accused of ...
Three friends attempt to recapture their glory ...
On the brink of her world tour, at the height o...
In a British seaside resort, several lives inte...
In South Yorkshire, a small group of railway ma...
Cecilie and Joachim are about to get married wh...
A retired pool hustler is forced to pick up the...
Sam and Silvy are best friends. One night, as t...
Filmmaker Mark Moskowitz finally reads a critic...
Gang leader Tony pulls off a major diamond heis...
A mentally disturbed man takes residence in a h...
Jack is now out of jail and he meets Nick, his ...
In this comedy, two women head for Reno to get ...
Four 1950s cultural icons (Albert Einstein, Mar...
The death of King Henry VIII throws his kingdom...
Zaza is a 31-year old Israeli bachelor, handsom...
A rich businessman makes a bet he can survive o...
One night Jefferson Reed gets hit in the chest ...
Mr. North, a stranger to a small, but wealthy, ...
Tommy Wilhelm (Robin Williams) is a salesman. A...
A young man finds solace with a young woman, hi...
A young alien falls for a pretty teenage Earth ...
Upon getting out of prison, a man who took the ...
Volcano High School is marking its 108th. Every...
A visual social examination in the form of ten ...
Straight-laced lawyer, Peter Sanderson (Steve M...
Navy SEAL Lieutenant A.K. Waters and his elite ...
Events over the course of one traumatic night i...
Laurel Canyon focuses on Sam and Alex, a pair o...
A Jewish woman named Jettel Redlich flees Nazi ...
A series of overlapping stories about four subu...
Jess Bhamra, the daughter of a strict Indian co...
In the wilderness of British Columbia, two hunt...
Desperate for companionship, the repressed Will...
An American abroad finds herself falling in wit...
Elizabeth is on the verge of losing her grip on...
Over the course of three days Ross, a college d...
Tuba works daily at a grueling textile factory ...
Who is Jesus, and why does he impact all he mee...
Katharina Blum is a young handsome German maid....
Deke Rivers is a delivery man who is discovered...
When the Holmes Woolen Mill burns down, politic...
A driver and a mechanic travel around the Unite...
The story of a New York pro baseball team and t...
The Benny Goodman Story is a biographical film ...
Born Free (1966) is an Open Road Films Ltd./Col...
A businessman shows up in Washington to lobby a...
A psychiatrist, Martin Dysart, investigates the...
A Jewish boy separated from his family in the e...
Director Robert Mulligan's 1957 biographical dr...
A vibrant tribute to one of America's legendary...
Urban horticulturalist Brontë Mitchell has her ...
An Edinburgh professor and assorted colleagues ...
When his loyal longtime partner, a widower, is ...
Fifteen year old Pauline and her older cousin, ...
A mysterious video has been linked to a number ...
While investigating the horrifying death of her...
Before Slumdog Millionaire came Salaam Bombay!,...
Taxi dancer Charity continues to have Faith in ...
Major League Baseball scout must find promising...
Close friends Rupert Birkin and Gerald Crich be...
A painter from the big city goes to a remote ca...
Two straight men mistakenly end up on a "gays o...
Four boyhood pals perform a heroic act and are ...
When the gang from the Hundred Acre Wood begin ...
A small-town woman tries to achieve her goal of...
The raunchy, spunky tale of the rise and fall o...
Unfounded suspicions lead a married couple to b...
Extravagant production of the first part of the...
Stefano, a young restorer is commissioned to sa...
Lena, aged twenty, wants to know all she can ab...
A society lady engineers a marriage between her...
Ken McLaughlin (Roddy McDowall) is a precocious...
Marcellus is a tribune in the time of Christ. H...
In 1983, yacht sailor Will Parker leads an Amer...
Three disaffected youths live in Datong in 2001...
A DEA agent investigates the disappearance of a...
Geophysicist Dr. Josh Keyes discovers that an u...
When a presidential candidate dies unexpectedly...
An American girl, Daphne, heads to Europe in se...
John J. is a seasoned hit man sent on a job to ...
The film follows Victor, a Lower East Side teen...
In 1995 Director Steve James (Hoop Dreams) retu...
A collection of magical tales based upon the ac...
A committed film director struggles to complete...
A small Oklahoma town is stripped of its innoce...
Dixon 'Dix' Steele, a down-on-his-luck screenwr...
A police officer suspended and now accused of m...
An awkward 13-year-old (Winona Ryder) leaves he...
Captain Ralls fights Dutch shipping magnate May...
19 years after President Timothy Keegan was ass...
A look at Fellini's creative process. In extens...
A compulsive gambler plans the heist of his lif...
When Vetter's wife is killed in a botched hit o...
A slick New York publicist who picks up a ringi...
Cet Amour-là is an intimate portrait of a legen...
Mars. Days before Halloween 2071. Villains blow...
Between sets from his hilarious live stand-up r...
Manuel Jordan is a man who is free after servin...
The second part of Aki Kaurismäki's "Finland" t...
After a small misunderstanding aboard an airpla...
A group of over-achieving Asian-American high s...
Academy Award® winning director and master stor...
Two teenage couples traveling across the backwo...
Lilya lives in poverty and dreams of a better l...
Three estranged sisters reunite to care for the...
When two college students, Sam and Thea, meet C...
A mysterious and immortal Tibetan kung fu maste...
Playboy Thomas Fuentes has so far been able to ...
In "A Mighty Wind", director Christopher Guest ...
Stanley's family is cursed with bad luck. Unfai...
Bill Gluckman, a wealthy white Jewish senator i...
The cameras of Jacques Perrin fly with migrator...
Four small gangsters from Copenhagen trick a ga...
A young American and his English wife come to r...
An attractive reporter investigating the myster...
When virtually all of the residents of Piedmont...
A lonely teenage horror-movie fan discovers a m...
In the future, an oppressive government maintai...
A documentary by photographer Sam Jones documen...
Set in 1912, the entire film takes place inside...
District Attorney Tom Logan is set for higher o...
Tale of three different couples (Yuppies, Hippi...
After a heart attack, Abbie Polin (Crystal), a ...
John H. Groberg, a middle class kid from Idaho ...
Life isn't easy in 1947 Yorkshire, where strict...
Marjorie Turner is suffocating. Her younger sis...
When fun-loving American agents Dennis Quaid an...
Molly is a high school track coach who knows ju...
A Thanksgiving dinner brings a host of family t...
In the 18th century, Louis de Bourguignon is wo...
Charley Pearl, wealthy heir and gadabout, is sl...
Veronique, living with her divorced mother, is ...
A comedy about a married couple -- he's a sport...
Barmaid Stella Claire and blueblood Stephen Dal...
What Jake Vig doesn't know just might get him k...
Complete strangers stranded at a remote desert ...
This is the story of a dysfunctional New York f...
Sixteen American college students drink, flirt,...
A con man (Dillon) travels to Cambodia (also on...
   Documentary on the effects of 1970s filmmaking.
The war film that's not a war film. A film abou...
Lyle is filled with rage. After badly beating a...
A New York press agent must scramble when his m...
This documentary follows 8 teens and pre-teens ...
Lizzie McGuire has graduated from middle school...
Professor Charles Xavier and his team of geneti...
Gifted 18-year-old Meg has been abandoned by he...
A police detective in a South American country ...
During the war between Iran and Iraq, a group o...
Dan Mahowny was a rising star at the Canadian I...
Two men get laid off and have to become stay-at...
A man, Milan (played by Johnny Hallyday) steps ...
A film featuring the veteran soul music artists...
Quiet, unassuming Adam is changing in a major w...
When 19-year-old gay-rights activist Tommy and ...
"Washington Heights" tells the story of Carlos ...
Thirty-year-old Hlynur still lives with his mot...
A group of dancers congregate on the stage of a...
A musical adaptation of Colin MacInnes' novel a...
An aspiring DJ, from the South Bronx, and his b...
The dance crew from "Breakin'" bands together t...
A struggling young dancer joins forces with two...
The orphan Sheeta inherited a mysterious crysta...
Set in the 1980's, Debby Miller (Uma Thurman) g...
Kevin Laird is a Beverly Hills school teacher b...
A young Texas good ol' boy has a knack with ele...
The Carpetbaggers is a 1964 American film starr...
After writing a tell-all book about her days in...
Lawman Wyatt Earp and outlaw Doc Holliday form ...
Childhood friends Tracy Lord and C.K. Dexter Ha...
Fred and Lilly are a divorced pair of actors wh...
Six months after the events depicted in The Mat...
A ballet rendition of Bram Stoker's gothic nove...
In 1962 New York City, love blossoms between a ...
This documentary about the culture of intense c...
Children and parents. In New York City, Stephen...
A strait-laced French student moves into an apa...
Ash, Pikachu and his friends try and stop a pai...
Bruce Nolan toils as a "human interest" televis...
Right before his daughter's wedding, a mild-man...
Gigantic: A Tale of Two Johns is a rock documen...
Grazia is a free-spirited mother-of-three marri...
Nemo, an adventurous young clownfish, is unexpe...
Charlie Croker pulled off the crime of a lifeti...
Chris crashes into a carload of other young peo...
An Oscar nominated documentary about a middle-c...
                                               NaN
When a violin prodigy Xiaochun and his father h...
It's a major double-cross when former police of...
Claire, a brilliant student, seeks answers to t...
On the east coast of New Zealand, the Whangara ...
Nevada Smith is the young son of an Indian moth...
John Woo directs this action-packed comedy that...
Based on Pat Barker's novel of the same name, '...
A musical remake of Ninotchka: After three bumb...
When John Baxter inherits a ski resort in the R...
In 1825 an English aristocrat is captured by In...
A Private detective is hired to trace a woman w...
An aging Texas cattle man who has outlived his ...
Citizens of a small town are infected by a biol...
When her husband John has a heart attack while ...
A French farce set in Victorian London where a ...
Steve McQueen is ideally cast as a champion rac...
2001 French documentary about the murder trial ...
After the Civil War, Cord McNally searches for ...
A British design executive, who seemingly has e...
Neddy Merrill has been away for most of the sum...
The first two days of a marriage. Ivan, a punct...
Enchanted by the idea of locating treasure buri...
Two horror segments based on Edgar Allan Poe st...
British industrialist Sir William Rutland - "Bi...
Animals Are Beautiful People (aka Beautiful Peo...
Two men with questionable pasts, Glyn McLyntock...
This day-in-the-life cult comedy focuses on a g...
Robert Talbot, an American millionaire, arrives...
When a tough western town needs taming, the mil...
Sonny Steele used to be a rodeo star, but his n...
Mouser Jaone Tom and housecat Mewsette are livi...
Federico Fellini welcomes us into his world of ...
When Singapore surrendered to the Japanese in 1...
Danny O'Neill is a bomb disposal expert assigne...
It's about a five member family. The father is ...
Grant MacLaine, a former railroad troubleshoote...
When her husband dies en route to America, Mart...
Charlie Anderson, a farmer in Shenandoah, Virgi...
Honest and straightforward small-town Shirlee K...
Angelo "Snaps" Provolone made his dying father ...
Antoine and Kenny Tyler are NCAA college basket...
In 1896, Jeff Webster sees the start of the Klo...
The Waterbury family are completely happy until...
Hogan, on his way to do some reconnaissance for...
Lin McAdam rides into town on the trail of Dutc...
Documentary from David Bowie's concert at the H...
The dramatic story of US marines in training, i...
The film that started the classic TV series. Al...
A man travels around a city with a camera slung...
A group of men parachute into Japanese-occupied...
During WWII, Duke E. Gifford is second in comma...
In 1957, a son and mother flee the East and an ...
Bob Sharkey, an instructor of would-be spies fo...
When Norwegian resistance leader Lieutenant Eri...
At the end of World War II, a National Guard in...
A renowned New York playwright is enticed to Ca...
In 1940, the Royal Air Force fights a desperate...
In 1931, a young soldier deserts from the army ...
Breck Coleman leads a wagon train of pioneers t...
In this Fritz Lang's compelling World War II es...
Texas Ranger Jake Cutter arrests gambler Paul R...
While crossing the desert, a frontier scout, Je...
A cargo plane goes down in a sandstorm in the S...
Alfred Eaton, an ambitious young executive, cli...
In 1944, in South Pacific, the castaway Marine ...
Dortmunder and his pals plan to steal a huge di...
Ben Quick arrives in Frenchman's Bend, MS after...
For the last 200 years the Aran Islands have ex...
A lawyer defends her father accused of war crim...
Sam and George strike gold in Alaska. George se...
When his young son is killed in a hit and run a...
Loosely based on a true series of World War II ...
A young pilot in the German air force of 1918, ...
The life and career of Erwin Rommel and his inv...
An unassuming office worker is arrested and sta...
The neighbors of a frontier family turn on them...
After the Civil War, ex-Union Colonel John Henr...
The life and times of Baltimore film maker and ...
Two hapless youths lead their burger joint in a...
Queen Elizabeth I visits late twentieth-century...
An Indian family is expelled from Uganda when I...
Jenny Lamour (Delair) wants to succeed in the t...
Detective Emily Eden is a tough New York City c...
J.D. Cahill is the toughest U.S. Marshal they'v...
Cattle baron John Chisum joins forces with Bill...
A reporter Mullen 'stumbles' on a story linking...
A study in culture bridging, including ... a ne...
Dr. Lauren Slaughter, a research fellow at the ...
Although liberated from Auschwitz on January 27...
Eddie and Lou are a couple of two-bit con men o...
Dan Merrick comes out from a shattering car acc...
In 1858 France, Bernadette, an adolescent peasa...
Outlaw and self-appointed lawmaker, Judge Roy B...
Future Americans decide to time travel to 1776 ...
Millie Dillmount, a fearless young lady fresh f...
Stewart McBain (Coleman) is a real-estate mogul...
This wacky prequel to the 1994 blockbuster goes...
A lonely, sexually repressed man. A depressed w...
Joe Gavilan (Harrison Ford) and his new partner...
Rugrats Go Wild is a 2003 crossover animated fi...
Three fraternal bank robbers languishing in jai...
Drama set in 1930s London with two sisters, Mad...
At Charles de Gaulle Airport in Paris, a beauti...
Just how far would you go to get financing for ...
Fifteen years ago, their Washington Heights nei...
Mexican English teacher Pablo Fernandez seeks a...
During the Gorbachev years, Platon Makovski and...
Writer Alex Sheldon (Luke Wilson) must finish h...
John, a computer whiz on the rebound from a dis...
Kelly Sherwood is terrorized by a man with an a...
Three friends, two young men and a young woman,...
The title is Adolf Hitler's question to his chi...
Murphy is the sole survivor of his crew, that h...
Henriette and Louise, a foundling, are raised t...
The police and British security forces call in ...
Alice, Judy and Sally are three Australian room...
Twenty-eight days after a killer virus was acci...
The Angels are charged with finding a pair of m...
Fiery, dark-haired Stella, an intense auto mech...
A mourning son makes a deal to reanimate his on...
Professional assassin O has resided in an isola...
Just a Little Harmless Sex examines a young mar...
The Bank, a world ripe with avarice and corrupt...
A simple, delicate, melodramatic German film ab...
Rebelling against his dreary life in a small Ar...
This classic film portrays 3½ years of Jesus' m...
In this elaborately mounted seafaring adventure...
A couple struggle to find happiness after a whi...
A group of medical students undertake some sill...
Based partially on the story of Bonnie and Clyd...
Russian exiles in Paris plot to collect ten mil...
"The Babe" chronicles Ruth's phenomenal story--...
U.S. Navy pilot Lt. Jake Grafton and his bombar...
When an upwardly mobile couple find themselves ...
In Camelot, kingdom of Arthur and Merlin, Lance...
Hillary Kramer, successful Perfume magnate awak...
Rock Hudson is Roger Willoughby, a renowned fis...
Jack Elliot, a one-time MVP for the New York Ya...
Never on Sunday is a 1960 Greek black-and-white...
A high-class call girl kills a customer in self...
The story centers on an elderly hibakusha, who ...
In 18th-century France, a young man masquerades...
An account of the adventures of two sets of ide...
In London, stuffy statesman Carter Harrison mee...
A quiet and inconspicuous man (Trelkovsky) rent...
Bizarre black comedy about 15th-century Paris l...
A young wife and mother, bored with day-to-day ...
Two researchers have come to San Francisco to c...
Bruce Banner, a genetics researcher with a trag...
After Elle Woods, the eternally perky, fashiona...
The sailor of legend is framed by the goddess E...
It's been 10 years since John Connor saved Eart...
In the middle of this amusing thriller is a rel...
Jack Sparrow, a freewheeling 17th-century pirat...
A story inspired by the life of one of the most...
To prevent a world war from breaking out, famou...
September of 1944, a few days before Finland we...
A coming-of-age saga set against the tense back...
After his wife leaves him for another man, Jacq...
A love story set in 1930s England that follows ...
Located in Madrid's Plaza del Sol, Km. 0 is the...
"We are all angels. It is what we do with our w...
Out-of-control, trash-talking buddy cops Marcus...
Mandy Moore stars as Halley, a young hip high s...
Rowan plays the eponymous lead character in a s...
A movie about a young honors student-turned-ana...
An urban hotel in London is a gathering and fla...
Peppino is an aging taxidermist constantly ridi...
A young garage band in Sydney, is trying to mak...
Après quinze ans passés derrière les barreaux, ...
Based on Akira Kurosawa's final unproduced scri...
Rick Heller is a juvenile delinquent who keeps ...
Bill Dancer and his young companion Curly Sue a...
When Danny O'Shea's daughter is cut from the Pe...
Mac, the two fisted savy cop finds that he's be...
The Duchy of Grand Fenwick decides that the onl...
Clay Spencer is a hard-working man who loves hi...
Amidst unrest, organizers put on a benefit conc...
Lara Croft ventures to an underwater temple in ...
True story of the undersized Depression-era rac...
Carmen's caught in a virtual reality game desig...
Set just before the fall of the Berlin Wall in ...
Misfits in their lives back home, a group of yo...
While a British film crew are shooting a versio...
Lucia, an children's book author, tells the sto...
After the closure of their shipyard in Northern...
Three bank tellers. One goal: knock the place o...
A successful businessman goes to Italy to arran...
Eve is a military robot made to look exactly li...
After his release from prison, notorious ex-con...
A bomber has planted 7 bombs on a transatlantic...
Kickboxer 2 is, well, an unnecessary sequel whi...
A jealous piano teacher Orville Spooner sends h...
A Coca-Cola executive in West Berlin tries to k...
Fifteen year ago, Carlos went to the cinema to ...
Director Billy Wilder adds a new and intriguing...
When a street-smart NYPD cop (Fred Ward) regain...
Set in a futuristic world where the only sport ...
In comic Woody Allen's film debut, he took the ...
An ex con teams up with federal agents to help ...
With high school a distant memory, Jim and Mich...
Gigli is ordered to kidnap the psychologically ...
A jazz singer and a British jewel thief are bro...
The latest installment in this series of gay sh...
A comedy about a has-been rock star (Craig Ferg...
Four women are given into the custody of the Ma...
An introspective dentist's suspicions about his...
Mother and daughter bicker over everything -- w...
Seaside takes place in a small coastal town on ...
Hondo Harrelson recruits Jim Street to join an ...
While visiting her sister in Paris, a young wom...
Yuki is the last surviving royal of the House o...
No special effects. No stuntmen. No stereotypes...
A pimp with no other means to provide for himse...
A documentary on the making of a big budget Bib...
Leonard Hoffman is an insurance salesman strugg...
A normal, average guy who lives in New York Cit...
A Shakespearian actor starring as Othello oppos...
A man and his son take an allegorical stroll th...
Arthur Goldman is a rich Jewish industrialist, ...
A software developer becomes a billionaire and ...
Peter Miles stars as Tom Tiflin, the little boy...
When Bill catches his girlfriend and her boss i...
The life of Jesus Christ according to the Gospe...
Based on the true story of Raymond Fernandez an...
Umberto Domenico Ferrari, an elderly and retire...
This documentary by Joe Berlinger and Bruce Sin...
Dr Jake Terrell, who has been training a pair o...
Joey Boca is the owner of a pizza parlor locate...
Evil dream-demon Freddy Krueger devises a plan ...
Four skaters follow their idol on his summer to...
A former gunslinger is forced to take up arms a...
A young Shaolin follower reunites with his disc...
Molly Gunn, the freewheeling daughter of a dece...
An original mix of fiction and reality illumina...
Lightbulbs, fire, barbed wire, mousetraps, stap...
After a bull is killed in a bullfight, its body...
The film is a romantic comedy about a Portugues...
Recruited by the U.S. government to be a specia...
Morris "Mud" Himmel has a problem. His parents ...
The story of three Pittsburgh widows who meet e...
An aspiring artist runs from men as a result of...
When a hopeful young American hot-dogger goes p...
A horribly disfigured sculptor opens up the Hou...
All her life Englishwoman Gladys Aylward knew t...
A dog turns from man's best friend into man's w...
Bart Hughes has a pretty good life, a beautiful...
A Danish prince seeks revenge upon the villain ...
In the summer of 1816, Percy Shelley, his mistr...
Charles is in control of his life; he is about ...
Gib, a beer-guzzling slob, and Alison, an uptig...
Corey and his band of skater buddies sometimes ...
Julie, a girl from the valley, meets Randy, a p...
After a flight back home, Sam Hendrix returns w...
Sleeper with a top notch cast in the story of a...
A series of events unfold like a chain reaction...
An American with a Japanese upbringing, Chris K...
An old couple visit their children and grandchi...
A lonely Parisian woman comes to terms with her...
People in the future live in a totalitarian soc...
Film version of Jacqueline Susann's best-sellin...
Seymour Polatkin is a successful, gay Indian po...
Mongryong marries the beautiful Chunhyang witho...
Major Jock Sinclair has been in this Highland r...
Louis Mazzini's mother belongs to the aristocra...
Ash Wednesday is set in the Manhattan of the ea...
A band of Mexicans find their U. S. land claims...
Nazis take over an ancient fortress that contai...
The legendary empire of the lost continent of M...
In Japan, scientifically advanced invaders from...
A deranged scientist creates a ray that can shr...
The Beast from 20,000 Fathoms is a 1953 science...
A Hollywood songwriter goes through a mid-life ...
Hick handymen Val McKee and Earl Bassett can ba...
In this classic drama, Vicky Page is an aspirin...
Seven of today's top scientist/researchers are ...
The trademark of The Phantom, a renowned jewel ...
Now seriously mentally ill after working with C...
John Matrix, the former leader of a special com...
Romanticized adaptation of Bram Stoker's 1897 c...
A surreal, virtually plotless series of dreams ...
In one of the most tragic face-offs in the hist...
Prompted by the death of his father and the gri...
Kanji Watanabe is a middle-aged man who has wor...
When word hits the street that a nearby elderly...
Janet Frame grows up in a poor family. She is d...
Documentary about war photographer James Nachtw...
Paulino and Carmela are husband and wife, troub...
Documentary about the nuclear sabre-rattling th...
Serge is a long distance lorry driver between M...
On June 26, 1975, during a period of high tensi...
A visceral documentary focusing on the Slovenia...
In a dystopicly polluted rightwing religious ty...
REVOLUTION OS tells the inside story of the hac...
Documentary look at the 1996-97 effort of the d...
An emotionally challenged young man named Bobby...
It's 1947 and the borderlines between India and...
In a barren, arranged marriage to an amateur sw...
Composer Gustav von Aschenbach, travels to Veni...
A Jewish-American Princess is forced to take co...
A Hong Kong detective suffers a fatal accident ...
When a young man agrees to housesit for his bos...
A bittersweet comedy starring the great Vlastim...
A quirky teen with a penchant for war reenactme...
Two angels, one from the heaven and one from th...
Two parallel tales of redemption, a century apa...
A documentary exploring the rise and fall of 80...
A film journey through a universe of female mas...
Marcia (Tatiana Saphir), a frumpy and overweigh...
After 23 horrifying days of gorging on human fl...
Rahul Seth is a dashing young millionaire who b...
Forced to work under slave-like conditions in a...
An urban fairy tale-romantic comedy, in which N...
Dek, a decent but somewhat dull man, enjoys a h...
When Paula leaves her mate Pedro, he misses her...
Two troubled adolescents chronicle the events t...
TV child star of the '70s, Dickie Roberts is no...
For centuries, a secret Order of priests has ex...
A high school shooting has repercussions on the...
The New York club scene of the 80s and 90s was ...
A tale based on the life of Wilhelm Furtwangler...
A group of five college graduates rent a cabin ...
A phobic con artist and his protege are on the ...
Hitman "El Mariachi" becomes involved in intern...
An ex-office worker becomes a ventriloquist, le...
Two lost souls visiting Tokyo -- the young, neg...
Thomas Luster is a troubled businessman who tri...
A movie studio is being torn down. TV interview...
A conflict of interest between two high-kicking...
Cindy and Lucy are eighteen and going away to c...
In this comedy of manners, the American Winterb...
Two middle aged German brothers - one New Age a...
A student on a trip to France is tricked into s...
Details the efforts of a pop-rock star (James R...
George Kuffs didn't finish high-school, just lo...
Set in late 19th century Canton this martial ar...
In the sequel to the Tsui Hark classic, Wong Fe...
Master Wong and his disciples enroll in the 'Da...
During the Great Depression, a con man finds hi...
A small town band makes it big, but loses track...
Martin, conductor of a symphonic orchestra, mee...
An elderly horror-film star who, while making a...
An intelligent, articulate scholar, Harrison Ma...
Based on Henry James's novel of the same name. ...
Truckers form a mile long "convoy" in support o...
The final chapter of George A. Romero's "Dead T...
Matchmaker, Dolly Levi takes a trip to Yonkers,...
The comfortable daily routines of aging Parisia...
After a freak accident, an invisible yuppie run...
Midler is the rock-and-roll singer Mary Rose Fo...
Sarah is a blind girl who has returned to her h...
Two door to door vaccuum cleaner salesmen hilar...
Prior to leaving by train for Paris, a married ...
Two former nightclub partners are now enlisted ...
Bingo, the runaway circus dog, is off the leash...
A New York detective investigates a series of m...
Virginia works at a used book store. She's real...
Rudyard Kipling's Jungle Book is given the full...
Mark wants to lose his virginity, but his girlf...
Carlos has failed in show-biz and currently wor...
At the beginning of the film, we learn from one...
From chicken thief to cabin boy, riverboat pilo...
A man tries to uncover an unconventional psycho...
On the same day two boys are born: the pauper T...
Jerry Falk, an aspiring writer in New York, fal...
Wanting to escape city life for the countryside...
The Fighting Temptations stars Cuba Gooding, Jr...
"Secondhand Lions" follows the comedic adventur...
Vampires and werewolves have waged a nocturnal ...
Bubba Ho-tep tells the "true" story of what rea...
A group of women, including Skipper, the wealth...
Two corporations compete for illicit 3D manga p...
The true story of the rise of a Japanese busine...
While treating a policewoman for smoking, hypno...
Torn straight from the headlines, Michael Winte...
Ten years in the making, this award-winning fea...
A sociological study of two men in the Israeli ...
When a young couple buys their dream home, they...
When Travis, the mouthy son of a criminal, disa...
After a rough divoce, Frances, a 35 year old bo...
A psychological thriller about an LAPD crime sc...
14-year-old Watts Davies is estranged from his ...
During the early 16th Century idealistic German...
A sweet comic film about an Italian man who com...
A Pedro Almodovar production in which a fatally...
  Chaos and misunderstandings ensue in a coed dorm
The documentary's title translates as "to be an...
When her grandson is kidnapped during the Tour ...
A sleazy cable-TV programmer begins to see his ...
Documentary look at the effects of globalizatio...
Lagaan tells the tale of the Indian village Cha...
In 1947, four German judges who served on the b...
In a village in eastern Turkey, tales of the ec...
A man and woman meet by chance at a romantic in...
A documentary film based on the life of scienti...
A Jewish ghetto in the east of Europe, 1944. By...
The Leningrad Cowboys, a group of Finnish music...
Considered one of the greatest films ever made,...
The best of Led Zeppelin's legendary 1973 appea...
Things are different for the Pontipee men now t...
Luis Molina and Valentin Arregui are cell mates...
In the run-up to the 1972 elections, Washington...
Angie lives in the Bensonhurst section of Brook...
A stylish suspense thriller that confounds the ...
In a future world, young people are increasingl...
The guest, a General at the Swedish court, is n...
Douglas is a foreign entrepreneur, who ventures...
The Newton family live in their comfortable hom...
Beethoven is back -- and this time, he has a wh...
An FBI free-lancer stashes a stolen Las Vegas-c...
Boyz n the Hood is the popular and successful f...
New York gangster Ben 'Bugsy' Siegel takes a br...
A pint-sized cast illuminates this musical that...
A mysterious man, Suba, gets himself a job at a...
A tough-on-crime street cop must protect the on...
Julia finds 300 million pesetas hidden in a dea...
Richard and Priscilla Parker are an ordinary su...
A young girl, with an amazing ability to commun...
Fed up of his business partner, Ernest Trend hi...
A lethal assassin for a secret Chinese organisa...
Tyler is a restless, streetwise 21-year-old Hon...
Life's questions are 'answered' in a series of ...
World War II is raging, and an American general...
Wes Block is a detective who's put on the case ...
A young woman fakes her own death in an attempt...
Nervous high school senior Tom Lawrence visits ...
Veteran cop Nick Pulovski is used to playing mu...
Luther Heggs aspires to being a reporter for hi...
Set in Kansas City in 1933, Eastwood plays a po...
Ed Okin used to have a boring life. He used to ...
A high school nerd, Jerry Mitchell (Siemaszko) ...
A thinly fictionalized account of a legendary m...
The invasion of a village in Byelorussia by Ger...
A beautiful black gangster's moll flees to Harl...
The story of two outcast sisters, Ginger (Katha...
College graduates deal with Vietnam and other i...
Based on a true story, this is the tale of Jose...
In the late 1950s, British police officer Tony ...
Fact and fiction are combined in this story abo...
Don Knotts is Roy Fleming, a small town kiddie-...
Jesse W. Haywood (Don Knotts) graduates from de...
Pat Riley, an obnoxious busybody of indetermina...
Three vicious thugs are on the run in rural Ame...
Betty Lou is a librarian in a very small town. ...
Actor Lester Blaine has all but landed the lead...
Two not so bright small time crooks end up with...
Henry is a lawyer who survives a shooting only ...
Filipino-American high school student Ben (Dant...
Wilder and Wallace are brothers and pyrokinetic...
A former astronaut helps a government agent and...
An ex-major forces a scientist to develop a inv...
French playboy Michel Marnet and American Terry...
Once in the life (of drug dealing and organized...
Teenager Jones has opted not to go to college a...
A suicidal doctor struggles to find meaning in ...
Dr. Richard Sturgess leads a team of compassion...
Schizophrenic housewife, engulfed by terrorizin...
An Alaskan gold prospector (Gene Hackman) lives...
A two character movie, involving a college prof...
In 1955 Florida, a Korean vet has a breakdown a...
Writer, ex-con and 40-something bottle-baby Tim...
A group of high school seniors meets in the sum...
Investigating the mysterious deaths of a number...
The classic Charles Dickens' Christmas ghost ta...
Jonas Nightengale is a fraudulent Christian fai...
In the boring desert of New Mexico, a single mo...
A 1967 film based on Truman Capote's book of th...
Todd Barret is an aspiring businessman. He's go...
Richard Widmark plays a hardened cold-war warri...
Based on the true story of two chambermaids (th...
A film of the life of the renowned musical comp...
Jubei is a masterless ninja who travels the lan...
On their way to a sailing trip, an aging husban...
A down-on-his-luck farmer makes a deal with the...
The story of a group of friends in turn of the ...
Michael, a young mechanic, is forced to choose ...
Matt Lee Whitlock, respected chief of police in...
Fired from his band and hard up for cash, guita...
As a memorial to George Harrison on the first a...
An intense relationship drama that takes the fo...
The story of two lads from Belfast as they stum...
When his only friend dies, a man born with dwar...
On the afternoon of July 1, 1981, Los Angeles p...
Documentary depicts what happened in Rio de Jan...
A story about friendship and loyalty, guilt and...
An intergalactic dog pilot from Sirius (the dog...
Set on an island off the coast, a techno rave p...
A revenge-seeking gold digger marries a womaniz...
An assassin is shot at the altar by her ruthles...
Rand is a computer animator, who has created an...
Three generations of a wealthy Bordeaux family ...
The confessional, behind-the-scenes showbiz mel...
In a Parisian porn theater, a cashier, a 50-yea...
A juror on the inside and a woman on the outsid...
After picking up a traumatized young hitchhiker...
Quirky and rebellious April Burns lives with he...
After an alien invasion threatens to annihilate...
Story of the relationship between the poets Ted...
In this true story, Veronica Guerin is an inves...
Following the gruesome murder of a young woman ...
Beyond Borders is an epic tale of the turbulent...
High school football coach, Harold Jones befrie...
In the third installment of the Scary Movie fra...
When an impulsive boy named Kenai is magically ...
Several ordinary high school students go throug...
Two young misfits head for New York City to cel...
From his hospital bed, a writer suffering from ...
Charlie's got a 'job' to do. Having just left p...
After a small earthquake in a small and quiet t...
A Midwestern husband and father announces his p...
Claude Lanzmann directed this 9 1/2 hour docume...
After her husband leaves her, a woman travels t...
Determined to have a normal family life once hi...
When her archaeologist father disappears on an ...
An Israeli anti-terrorist agent must stop a dis...
In this modern day version of Shakespeare's Mac...
An aspiring painter meets various characters an...
Composer Gordon Stuart brutaly rapes a fashion ...
While investigating his own blackmailing, a you...
A delinquent teenager's only link to society is...
A young Hutterite boy must marry his late broth...
Giant scorpions wreck havoc after being release...
A blind girl gets a cornea transplant so that s...
When several young girls are found dead, left h...
The Jolson Story is a 1946 musical biography wh...
A Broadway choreographer (Fred Astaire) gets dr...
Dr Simon Helder, sentenced to an insane asylum ...
Henry Harding MP, a British government minister...
During World War II, an American serviceman in ...
The son of a sorceress, armed with weapons, arm...
Three recent high school grads -- star athlete ...
The Unvanquished is the second part of the Bang...
Harry Collings returns home to his farm after d...
Master thief Corey is fresh out of prison. But ...
Man of Marble is a Polish film about a student ...
England, at the start of World War Two. Mysteri...
During WWII several murders occur at a convales...
In World War II, a British secret agent carryin...
Laura Partridge is a very enthusiastic small st...
Coleman Silk is a worldly and admired professor...
You slipped into my life as easily as vermouth ...
DIRT is a quirky comedy about two simple-hearte...
Documentary chronicling America's justice syste...
Nobody likes to be made a fool of, especially n...
Fact-based 2003 drama about the young journalis...
Hollywood animator Tom (Alex McArthur) gets los...
The human city of Zion defends itself against t...
Hugo Chavez was a colourful, unpredictable folk...
When young Buddy falls into Santa's gift sack o...
A corporate lawyer is caught in a love triangle...
Action sports documentary that follows the indu...
Budapest in the thirties. The restaurant owner ...
Esther, a self-conscious young woman who works ...
A musical documentary film about the politicall...
Follows seemingly unrelated people as their liv...
Rodolphe Marconi writes, directs, and stars in ...
George Banks is an ordinary, middle-class man w...
World-famous architect Louis Kahn (Exeter Libra...
Bugs Bunny and Daffy Duck are up to their feudi...
After an abrupt and violent encounter with a Fr...
Home movies, photographs, and recited poetry il...
Struggling actor John Person agrees to drive a ...
When rancher and single mother of two Maggie Gi...
Conrad and Sally Walden are home alone with the...
After a car crash, a criminal psychologist (Hal...
This is the story of three gentle persons: Paul...
In this belated sequel to 'The Decline of the A...
An is-she-or-isn't-she gay comedy focused on a ...
A miserable conman and his partner pose as Sant...
Workaholic Jim Evers and his wife/business part...
A group of archaeological students become trapp...
In pre-French Revolution Bastille, the Marquis ...
The life of a respected British politician at t...
Against all odds, the first theatrical producti...
The Devil's Playground is a fascinating and mov...
Based on the true story of Ruth Ellis, the last...
Documentary account of George W. Bush's preside...
Dr. Peyton Westlake is on the verge of realizin...
Architect Walter Craig, seeking the possibility...
Chaank Armaments is experimenting with the ulti...
The plot explores the devastation of civilizati...
Two extremely strong personalities clash over t...
An American, Leopold Kessler (Jean-Marc Barr) g...
Cheryl, a young black lesbian, works a day job ...
Barr is a psychiatrist who falls in love with t...
Clark Kellogg is a young man starting his first...
Two psychotic young men take a mother, father, ...
Five people find themselves in a tomb. The Cryp...
A gangster, Nino, is in the Cash Money Brothers...
Presents a day in the life in Austin, Texas amo...
High School student David Lightman (Matthew Bro...
James Stewart and Maureen O'Hara star as Roger ...
How do we understand faith and prayer, and what...
Orphaned after a Nazi air raid, Paulette, a you...
After a harsh childhood, orphan Jane Eyre is hi...
The exciting story of Dr. Manette, who escapes ...
A classic of the silent age, this film tells th...
After having not seen one another in years, wea...
The Cabinet of Dr. Caligari is eerie and expres...
Broken Blossoms is an American silent film from...
Police Inspector Renko tries to solve the case ...
In Victorian England, a master criminal makes e...
A shipping disaster in the 19th Century has str...
Doug is a Secret Service Agent who has just com...
Between two Thanksgivings, Hannah's husband fal...
Seeking to raise his credibility as an actor an...
Hercules (Schwarzenegger) is sent to Earth wher...
In the year 2025, the ozone layer is believed t...
Jack Nicholson's portrait of union leader James...
When Ruth Matthews's husband is killed in a fal...
After building his dream house, architect Newto...
Eddie Hawkins, called Hudson Hawk has just been...
The first remake of the paranoid infiltration c...
A US politician visits his poet friend in Mont....
Kafka, an insurance worker gets embroiled in an...
Hard-edged cop John Kimble gets more than he ba...
As the only relative to take over the Royal thr...
A psychologist falls for a world-class chess pl...
When the girl that detective Joe Hallenback is ...
A young Parisian woman begins a sordid affair w...
Lorenzo Odone was a normal child until the age ...
A poor French teenage girl engages in an illici...
A conflicted youth confesses to crimes he didn'...
Larry Burrows is unhappy and feels powerless ov...
In the Deep South, a serial-killing preacher hu...
Escaped convict Sam Gillen single handedly take...
Danny Muldoon, a Chicago policeman, still lives...
Sylvester Stallone stars as hard-luck big-rig t...
An infamous terrorist has evaded capture for a ...
Life takes a nasty twist for D.A. Rusty Sabich ...
A young inductee into the military is given the...
The life of a blind photographer who is looked ...
The daughter of a wealthy businessman has disap...
In the future, the Japanese government captures...
A Taiwanese-American man is happily settled in ...
Four corrupted fascist libertines round up 9 te...
Set in 1944 France, an American Intelligence Sq...
A high-school gym teacher has big plans for the...
Four unwitting heroes cross paths on their jour...
With the aid of his girlfriend, Phyllis Potter,...
After undergoing radical surgery for injuries f...
A father reminisces about his childhood when he...
Karen McCoy is released from prison with nothin...
Michael ‘Jay’ Cochran has just left the Navy af...
Brantley Foster, a well-educated kid from Kansa...
Åmål is a small insignificant town where nothin...
Raven Shaddock and his gang of merciless biker ...
What's a high school kid got to do to be popula...
High Heels is a murder mystery comedy centering...
In California, a group of women struggle with p...
An FBI man with Sioux background is sent to a r...
A fearless Secret Service agent will stop at no...
The Firpo Brothers can get away with anything. ...
Betty Blue, a mentally unbalanced and sexually ...
Twelve episodic tales in the life of a Parisian...
Young lovers Sailor and Lula run from the varie...
A young boy named Luke and his grandmother go o...
Three single women in a picturesque village hav...
In New York, racist Capt. Stanley White becomes...
Advertising executive Nick Beame learns that hi...
A dance-band leader finds love and success in B...
When the fleet puts in at San Francisco, sailor...
A playboy who refuses to give up his hedonistic...
The recently widowed Mary Stuart returns to Sco...
Football player John Kent tags along as Huck Ha...
Louisa May Alcott's autobiographical account of...
Lucky is tricked into missing his wedding to Ma...
James Cagney star's as Tom Powers, a trouble-ri...
Theseus, Duke of Athens, is going to marry Hypp...
In late nineteenth century New York a Wall Stre...
Mi Taylor was a young wanderer and opportunist ...
Oscar-nominated film adaptation of the rock ope...
Judith Traherne is at the height of young socie...
After killing a prison guard, convict Robert St...
A few decades after the destruction of the Inca...
The story of a gentle-hearted beast in love wit...
The Birth of A Nation is a silent film from 191...
On Dry Well Lane in Beijing in 1953, Chen Shuju...
Visions, memories, and mysticism all help a 40-...
Takes place in a chateau, an ambiguous story of...
A ruthlessly ambitious Scottish lord siezes the...
Dunson is driving his cattle to Red River when ...
Mabel, a mother and wife, is on the brink of in...
A simple stagecoach trip is complicated by the ...
A Shot in the Dark is the second and more succe...
Two spoiled rich people find themselves trapped...
A 12th century court jester in England becomes ...
Senator Walter Chalmers is aiming to take down ...
A naive country girl is tricked into a sham mar...
In 1850s Louisiana, the willfulness of a tempes...
King Louis XI is a wise and old king and Frollo...
A producer puts on what may be his last Broadwa...
The bold Tira works as dancing beauty and lion ...
A rich businessman and a young woman are attrac...
Lange stunningly portrays Patsy Cline, the velv...
A mild mannered film critic is dumped by his wi...
At one of his many visits to his doctor, hypoch...
Henry Higgins is an upper class phonetics profe...
The film is set during the period of growing in...
Young lovers Orfeu and Eurydice run through the...
In an Italian seaside town, young Titta gets in...
One man defeated three assassins who sought to ...
Quincy Adams Wagstaff, the new president of Hux...
In 19th century Russia a woman in a respectable...
A journalist suffering from burn-out wants to f...
A writer/radio advice show host fails to heed h...
A dedicated schoolteacher spends her nights cru...
Portrait of Andy Goldsworthy, an artist whose s...
Sandrine, a woman in her thirties gets tired of...
An English scientist runs away from a research ...
After a global war, the seaside kingdom known a...
Set in 1969, a twelve-year-old grows up in Key ...
After leaving Washington D.C. hospital, plastic...
The equally-straight-laced and "by the book" ne...
The luxurious villa of Mark and Jessie Banniste...
It's been six days since the attack on Pearl Ha...
Scottish second division football team Kilnocki...
French colonists in Africa, several months behi...
A shy San Francisco librarian and a bumbling co...
A special agent assigned to protect a wealthy b...
Made of four short tales, linked by a story fil...
A blind sculptor and his mother kidnap a young ...
World War I seems far away from Ireland's Dingl...
Stephen is a professor at Oxford University who...
An international award winning saga of old Mexi...
Freddie is an inept bank clerk with no future. ...
A musician witnesses the murder of a famous psy...
In this classic of French suspense, the cruel a...
A horrific Leprechaun goes on a rampage after h...
On a future Earth, war between the Kingdom of H...
A bitter ad executive who has reached his break...
A hip, very erotic twist on the werewolf thrill...
When a woman attempts to kill her uncaring husb...
An ornithologist mistaken for an explosives exp...
After developing an addiction to the substance ...
Marijuana is the most controversial drug of the...
As the seasons change in a Connecticut town, tw...
A proud strip club owner is forced to come to t...
While conveying a Porsche from L.A. to Atlantic...
Late 1960 and the world consists of feudal citi...
Eddie Luca is the youngest son in a family of I...
A beautiful but amoral model sleeps her way to ...
A self-made businessman rekindles a romance wit...
The Marx Brothers take on high society and the ...
A seeker named Dogen rescues Dhyana after her f...
A cop in a dystopian Europe investigates a seri...
Charlie Kohler is a piano player in a bar. The ...
Baisers voles is the second of two films from t...
(William H. Macy) works at a Las Vegas casino, ...
Zapa is a locksmith in a quiet and little town ...
An Irish immigrant family adjusts to life in th...
The life of '80's fashion designer/queer icon L...
My Flesh and Blood is a 2003 documentary film b...
Honey Daniels (Jessica Alba) dreams of making a...
Nathan Algren is an American hired to instruct ...
Documentary -  -  Shimon Ballas, Moshe Houri, S...
A poor young woman is recruited by a friendly c...
Throughout his life Edward Bloom has always bee...
High school loser (Cannon) pays a cheerleader (...
Harry Sanborn is an aged music industry exec wi...
In Martha's Vineyard, Mass., conjoined twins Wa...
This film, adapted from a work of fiction by au...
The film is set in France in the 1990s, the Fre...
Aragorn is revealed as the heir to the ancient ...
The story of Katherine Ann Watson, a feminist t...
2003 fact-based comedy with Helen Mirren and Ju...
Using archival footage, United States Cabinet c...
A Jewish blaxploitation hero saves Hanukkah fro...
Behrani, an Iranian immigrant buys a California...
Comedy drama based on the true story of two Bri...
Aileen Wuornos is an emotionally scarred highwa...
The Baker brood moves to Chicago after patriarc...
In this classic story of love and devotion set ...
Michael Jennings is a genius who's hired – and ...
In stifling Edwardian London, Wendy Darling mes...
Ensemble drama centered around a group of balle...
When courageous young Neera becomes separated f...
Against the background of an Australian desert ...
Two young women find themselves struggling to s...
The President's daughter, unable to experience ...
A trio of young men are forced to grow up quick...
British documentarian Nick Broomfield creates a...
Uzak/Distant chronicles the numbing loneliness,...
Reuben Feffer is a guy who's spent his entire l...
Spot (Lane) is a dog who can talk and read. Pos...
Biker Cary Ford is framed by an old rival and b...
For Hussein, a pizza delivery driver, the imbal...
Teenage girl Osama cuts her hair and dresses li...
Nick Carraway, a young Midwesterner now living ...
Young orphan Heathcliff is adopted by the wealt...
An old-time crook plans a heist. When one of hi...
Passengers on a ship traveling from Mexico to E...
From his prison cell, young Alan Musgrave (Rodd...
TV personality Robert Danvers, an exceedingly v...
A railroad official, Owen Legate comes to Dodso...
Jim Belushi plays a super-competent secret agen...
On their way to Monte Carlo, Monaco, Marilyn an...
Manhattanites Bruce and Prudence are each looki...
Buster is a small time crook who pulls a big ti...
Brash NYC policeman Officer Gunther Toody is pa...
Jane Eyre is an orphan, sent to Lowood school, ...
Mike Lawton, Maurice Horton, and Melvin Orton a...
Former Green Beret Louis Stevens returns to his...
Ford "Mr. Rock n' Roll Detective" Fairlane is e...
Cecile, decadent young girl who lives with her ...
After years of pursuit, Assistant D.A. Martin F...
Fred Zinnemann's sensitive film on the plight o...
Following a series of bomb attacks in London, a...
A womanizer meets his match when he falls for t...
Marital infidelity, religion, a guy in heaven w...
A dramatization of the American general and his...
An out-of-town heist becomes a nightmare for a ...
Once again tampering with mother nature to disa...
A group of friends gather for a wake, and are s...
At first gas station attendant Poet is happy wh...
At the beginning of the 20th century an America...
With many idea rich comic situations French dir...
Good girls Merritt, Melanie, Tuggle and Angie -...
Dr. Jekyll believes good and evil exist in ever...
Monsieur Hulot comes to a beachside hotel for a...
Wyatt Earp and his brothers Morgan and Virgil r...
Successful and well-liked, Dr. Noah Praetorius ...
Captain Henri Rochard is a French officer assig...
After 17 years of marriage in American suburbia...
Three navy war heroes are booked on a morale-bu...
A Martinique charter boat skipper gets mixed up...
See Bogie at his best as world weary "Mad Dog R...
A man convicted of murdering his wife escapes f...
Gil Carter and Art Croft ride into a small Neva...
Joe (George Raft) and Paul Fabrini (Humphrey Bo...
TV reporter Rob Salinger is married to Micki, b...
In this witty romp, Jean Harlow plays an upper-...
High-school principal Dr. Alfred Carroll (Josef...
Frank Bigelow, told he's been poisoned and has ...
This parable looks at public reaction when the ...
Pumping Iron is a 1977 documentary film about t...
While doing a friend a favor and searching for ...
Coming of age story for two girls, Mary Clancy ...
Jack Deebs is a cartoonist who is due to be rel...
When unemployed dockworker Joey Coyle finds $1....
Matt Helm (Dean Martin) is called out of retire...
Where Angels Go, Trouble Follows (1968) is a mo...
The parallel story of Anne and her grand-aunt O...
An orphan weds an older man in circa-1900 New Z...
A traveling strongman, Zampano, repays the deat...
As sadomasochistic yakuza enforcer Kakihara sea...
Set in the year 2024 in post-apocalyptic Americ...
F.Scott Fitzgerald's novel is brought to life i...
Maciek and Andrzej, two home army fighters, wer...
After spending several months in an orbiting la...
This is a movie about the life of Israel's king...
September, 1944. It's the 56th day of Warsaw's ...
A Miami hotel owner finds danger when be become...
The story of a poor young woman, separated by p...
A Russian scientist is arriving to the states c...
A jazz pianist (Richard Carlson) is haunted by ...
A newspaper publisher's daughter suffers from n...
An eccentric professor invents wacky machinery,...
During the 16th century, as Thailand contends w...
Film version of the Neil Simon play has three s...
George &amp; Gwen Kellerman make a trip to New ...
A group of teen-age runaways try to survive in ...
The fate of the planet in the hands of Larry, M...
Shopgirl Betty Lou Spence is in love with her h...
A young man struggles to access sublimated chil...
A small-town girl wins a date with a Hollywood ...
A documentary based on the book of the same nam...
A small-time con artist and a Hawaiian real est...
Six high school seniors decide to break into th...
At Mr. Rad's Warehouse, the best hip-hop crews ...
Aaron Davis (Steve Sandvoss) and Christian Mark...
The continuing adventures of the barbers at Cal...
Athletic 12-year-old Maddy (Kristen Stewart) sh...
In 1980, the United States Ice Hockey team's co...
Cécile et Alain vivent ensemble depuis vingt an...
A young American studying in Paris in 1968 stri...
Remember the good old days when anyone with a c...
Ed Lover and Doctor Dre are two inept barbers. ...
Vampish miss Dolan hires hardboiled P.I. Harry ...
Two African-Americans and two Puerto-Ricans (th...
Six different writers wrote a scene each of thi...
Holly and Sandy strike up an instant friendship...
Super Fly is a cocaine dealer who begins to rea...
How does retired cop Joshua Burke (James Earl J...
Clyde Williams and Billy Foster are a couple of...
Sidney Poitier and Bill Cosby team up in this h...
When a robbery goes awry, the bandits all end u...
A young engineer is sent to post-WWII Berlin to...
When an uncle is charged with murder, the event...
Having spent 10 years in prison for nationalist...
An 18th century African prince is turned into a...
After a dying Voodoo queen chooses an adopted a...
5 teenage rappers gets notice of a mysterious w...
In 1941 America Kay and her husband are happy e...
Two Arkansas firemen, Vince and Don, get hold o...
Tracy is a normal 13-year-old trying to make it...
Bitter about being double-crossed by the women ...
When a widowed mother falls in love with an Ame...
Actor / writer / director Erich von Stroheim st...
A man inherits a mansion, which once was a ment...
Twenty-three years after scoring the winning to...
An absent-minded-professor father and his son t...
Wylie is a lazy engineer. Landry is a Sergeant ...
Henry is a player skilled at seducing women. Bu...
A US president (Gene Hackman) who has retired a...
The final installment in director Lucas Belvaux...
Genie, a Chinese-American teenager, develops fe...
Swedish efficiency researchers come to Norway f...
Dris is an ex-con, living in the borderline bet...
Monsieur Ibrahim is a story about a young Jewis...
Kowalski works for a car delivery service. He t...
A frail priest is assigned to a small French pr...
A recalcitrant thief vies with a duplicitous Mo...
The true, harrowing story of a young Jewish gir...
The film is a parody of Disney's Fantasia, thou...
Federal agent Alexandra Barnes believes that Ca...
Mexico, 1949. The fable of a janitor turned May...
A band of medieval mercenaries take revenge on ...
Ever in search of adventure, explorer Allan Qua...
A nobleman vows to avenge the death of his fath...
Mark Kaminsky is kicked out of the FBI for his ...
A shy British teacher looks back nostalgically ...
Lem Siddons is part of a traveling band who has...
A joint task force operation between the Drug E...
Four stories including: "My Robot Baby," in whi...
A fictional story inspired by North America's m...
When the teenager Mary Elizabeth Steppe, a.k.a....
When Scott learns that his longtime cyber-buddy...
"The Passion of the Christ" is a film about the...
When a serial killer interrupts the fun at the ...
In pre-revolution Cuba, Katey Miller is about t...
Recently promoted and transferred to the homici...
Life in a flimsy Tel Aviv apartment complex is ...
An affectionate and refreshing East/West-German...
Set in 1890, this is the story of a Pony Expres...
Join uptight David Starsky and laid-back Ken "H...
In 14th Century England, this tale of murder an...
A young nurse, Alma, is put in charge of Elisab...
Andreas, a man struggling with the recent demis...
At the Doll House, a 1930’s New Orleans bordell...
Joe Barrett returns to Tokyo after World War II...
The Serpent's Egg follows a week in the life of...
Tony and Felix own a tramp boat, and sail aroun...
French village doctor becomes target of poison-...
A cashier poses as a writer for blacklisted tal...
A pickpocket unwittingly lifts a message destin...
In the early days of Nazi Germany, a powerful n...
A brilliant story with an unexpected twist. A f...
Shakespeare's powerful tale of the wicked defor...
Quartet is the story of a girl who, adrift with...
When Terry Griffith loses her high school's wri...
Most everyone in town thinks that Sheriff Calde...
Teenager Amy Halloran’s mother is killed in a c...
Wisconsin Death Trip is an intimate, shocking a...
The crooks in London know how it works. No one ...
With all-new gadgets, high-flying action, excit...
Exceptionally ambitious high schooler Matthew h...
Mort Rainey, a writer just emerging from a pain...
U.S. government agent Scott is assigned to resc...
Daphne and her four children try to cope with t...
In the style of many reality shows, six people ...
Interviews with Christo, Chuck Close, Roy Licht...
The strange comedy film of two close brothers; ...
When his brother asks him to look after his you...
Wayne Dobie is a shy cop whose low-key demeanor...
Jailed for his reckless driving, rambunctious M...
Two men want to escape from East Germany (under...
Grace Metalious' once-notorious bestseller Peyt...
Rosanna Arquette talks to various actresses abo...
As a baby, Bobo gets separated from his family ...
A group of surviving people take refuge in a sh...
Joel Barish, heartbroken that his girlfriend un...
Recruited to assist Montreal police in their de...
A serial killer dispassionately discusses the n...
A raucous story of the interweaving lives and l...
17 year old Noi drifts through life on a remote...
Ollie Trinke is a young, suave music publicist ...
An eccentric, if not charming Southern professo...
A drug kingpin's return home touches off a turf...
When Mystery, Inc. are guests of honor at the g...
Two brothers need household help after their Ma...
A barren soundstage is stylishly utilized to cr...
After getting threatened by Kelly's friends and...
In the final days of World War II, the Nazis at...
When a greedy outlaw schemes to take possession...
A fairy tale love-story about pre-med student P...
A former U.S. soldier returns to his hometown t...
A withdrawn young man, Leland Fitzgerald is imp...
AAA can't help the roadside emergency that is t...
Based on the 1836 standoff between a group of T...
Ella lives in a magical world in which each chi...
Jimmy 'The Tulip' Tudeski now spends his days c...
While playing outside one day, nine-year-old Mi...
Tiffany, Charlie and Vernon are con artists loo...
The one joy in the lives of a mother and daught...
David, an independent photographer, and Katia, ...
Escaping death, a Hebrew infant is raised in a ...
During an ever-growing epidemic of zombies that...
This is a dramatization of events in the life o...
As the Earth wrestles with its agonising birth,...
Prey for Rock &amp; Roll is set in the Los Ange...
Mother (Bill Cosby), Jugs (Raquel Welch) &amp; ...
Posing as a hangman, Mace Bishop arrives in tow...
Darryl Palmer (Michael O'Keefe) is a major leag...
Star studded comedy about a early 20th century ...
"Cheaper by the Dozen", based on the real-life ...
Ten years of Marianne and Johan's relationship ...
Henry Thomas is out on parole in a small Texan ...
The "Cheaper by the Dozen" crew is back, sans C...
Unable to support his family in the Australian ...
This Sci-Fi Drama centers around the teen-age E...
Niccolo (Mac) Vitelli is the eldest of three br...
Morgan and his friends are on a hunting trip on...
A growth hormone experiment gets out of hand, w...
This film is the theatrical follow-up to a very...
Having to leave Melbourne in a hurry to avoid v...
Ollie is in love with a woman. When he discover...
When bookseller Buzz cons Diana into thinking t...
Abbott and Costello's version of the famous fai...
Four American friends, badly needing money, dec...
The host of an investigative news show is convi...
Simon Watterman, a space archaeologist, discove...
British remake of the classic comedy thriller p...
Bullying students are becoming deathly ill afte...
Three senior citizens in their 70s who live tog...
Over-the-hill gumshoe in Los Angeles seeks to a...
Lewis and Clark, aka The Sunshine Boys, were fa...
A working girl from New Jersey looks for love w...
An examination into the nature of 1960's-70's h...
An ordinary word processor has the worst night ...
Lucky Jackson arrives in town with his car lite...
Set in Fascist Italy before the outbreak of Wor...
This documentary follows superstar Bret Hart du...
After accidentally witnessing a mafia hit in th...
The Bride unwaveringly continues on her roaring...
When undercover FBI agent Frank Castle's wife a...
Whitwell, TN is a small, rural community of les...
A teenager discovers that mending a broken hear...
A young drifter working on a river barge disrup...
Director Michael Almereyda's documentary on the...
After total humiliation at her thirteenth birth...
Jaded ex-CIA operative John Creasy reluctantly ...
Clifford overhears Mr. Bleakman say that feedin...
This documentary, made over a period of eight y...
A man becomes increasingly jealous of his frien...
A couple agree to have their deceased son clone...
Amidst a sea of litigation, two New York City d...
Cady Heron is a hit with The Plastics, the A-li...
Best-selling author John Grisham deviates from ...
Top student Jane Ryan heads to Manhattan for a ...
Famed monster slayer Gabriel Van Helsing is dis...
Duncan Mudge, mid-teens, lives apart from his r...
Valentin, a 9-year-old boy living with his gran...
Inspired by his fiancée (who dumped him), a man...
In year 1250 B.C. during the late Bronze age, t...
Carandiru, a story based on real facts and on t...
Coffee And Cigarettes is a collection of eleven...
Fleeing the June 1940 arrival of Hitler's army ...
Explores the sensitive, and tense, relationship...
A witty, perceptive and devastating look at the...
Raid is a mysterious drifter and ex-criminal wh...
A disgraced FBI agent with a drinking problem j...
Spalding Gray sits behind a desk throughout the...
Kurt and Sara Müller and their three children l...
Three U.S. journalists (Nick Nolte, Joanna Cass...
A soldier from Earth crashlands on an alien wor...
A martial artist agrees to spy on a reclusive c...
After the death of her mother, a young Brazilia...
This documentary of the Rolling Stones' 1969 US...
Two boys beg their parents for a television set...
Lai and his boyfriend, Ho, arrive in Argentina ...
While traveling in Paris, author Henry Miller a...
A documentary about militant student political ...
When a young woman investigates her town's Nazi...
In 1942 in occupied France, a Jewish refugee ma...
A group of men are on safari. One of the party ...
Martin sedates women with a syringe full of nar...
Classic dramatization of America's best-known c...
The first part of a Danish miniseries that has ...
Detective Catherine Palmer (Ellen Barkin) is on...
        A criminal holds a wealthy family hostage.
The rather eccentric (especially in her thinkin...
Tongue-in-cheek look at the French Riviera, esp...
This sexy, teen-comedy is about a freshman, Mat...
Because of a technical defect an American bombe...
Anna is becoming lost in the loneliness of her ...
The charismatic criminal Dobermann, who got his...
Disappointed with humanity, God wants to revoke...
This is the film adaptation of four stories fro...
Astronauts travel to the moon where they discov...
                                No overview found.
'Chance' is a black comedy about how hard it is...
A mysterious space craft kidnaps a Russian and ...
James Bond is sent to investigate after a fello...
Norah Larkin is a single woman whose heart is b...
A renowned professor is forced to reassess her ...
James Bond returns as the secret agent 007 one ...
A young woman's husband apparently commits suic...
The Queen of the Night enlists a handsome princ...
An unemployed showgirl poses as Hungarian royal...
Mr. and Mrs. Bennet have five unmarried daughte...
A World War II veteran (Gregory Peck) can eithe...
An uncompromising, visionary architect struggle...
Old friends Kit Marlowe and Millie Drake adopt ...
A young woman dumps her fiancée and runs off wi...
Rival reporters Sam and Tess fall in love and g...
Middle-aged Ohio secretary Jane Hudson has neve...
This film depicts World War II through the eyes...
Hitman Jef Costello is a perfectionist who alwa...
Max Baron is a Jewish advertising executive in ...
This joyous celebration of frontier life combin...
The story of straight-edge literature professor...
After losing an acting role and his girlfriend,...
In this sequel to True Grit, John Wayne returns...
With the use of flashback, an elderly Charlie C...
The true story of the frightening, lonely world...
This is the story of Spalding Gray and his atte...
Caco is a proud, handsome man, head of a family...
On December 31st 1999, destiny brings a fugitiv...
A romantic comedy about a young man who fakes h...
When David Greene receives a football scholarsh...
Andrea Marr is a bright, straight-A, mature, 18...
Steve Brooks, a sexist womanizer, is killed by ...
A Hollywood tour bus driver poses as a screenwr...
When neighborhood kids begin vanishing, Jenny s...
A Chinese movie actress, in France to star in a...
Petty con artists, Bud &amp; Lou mistakenly joi...
Carter (O'Bryan) wonders if he's ever going to ...
DIVORCE IRANIAN STYLE unfolds inside an Iranian...
Iron and Silk is a 1990 movie based on the epon...
Dr. Joyce Reardon, a psychology professor, lead...
A travelling theater group has so much action g...
A mysterious girl becomes involved with a 17-ye...
Londo Mollari, the Centauri Emperor, recounts t...
England is torn in civil strife as the Royalist...
Set in the present where a group of ruthless ga...
In the 1600s, cowardly Sir Simon of Canterville...
A saucy American showgirl in London is wooed by...
While doing a series of reports on alternative ...
Cinematographer Carlos Macovich met Yuliet Orte...
In the South American jungle, supplies of nitro...
Mollie and James are together and raising a fam...
Father O'Malley the unconventional priest from ...
Laurie has been in show business since she was ...
A 707 aircraft jetliner on its way from Athens ...
Pat Pemberton (Hepburn) is a brilliant athlete,...
The famous Captain Spaulding returns from Afric...
Womanising, right-wing Dan Hanson and quiet, li...
Stanley is infatuated with Margaret, the statue...
Sketch artist Irena Dubrovna (Simone Simon) and...
King Arthur establishes the ideals and laws of ...
A writer for a greeting card company learns the...
An undertaker who hasn't had any 'customers' in...
The Four Musketeers defend the queen and her dr...
The former leader of a commando rescue attempt ...
In a post-apocalyptic world, a warrior wanderin...
Forrest Taft is an environmental agent who work...
A woman picks a man up in a bar and takes him b...
Sweet, unsophisticated Sunny is working as a co...
Illicit lovers plot to kill the woman's older h...
A showman introduces a small coastal town to a ...
Kung Fu meets disco in Singapore. Hock is a gro...
Desperate to find her perfect man Justine goes ...
A white Bull Terrier named Baxter is given to a...
The visionary dreams of three curious and adven...
A little girl, Mui, went to a house as a new se...
Pierrot escapes his boring society and travels ...
A supposedly idyllic weekend trip to the countr...
Monsieur Cinema, a hundred years old, lives alo...
Convicts escaping from Devil's Island come unde...
Jesse is charming, romantic, and he knows how t...
Mitch became caught up with his career as a spo...
Near the beginning of the Tang dynasty, in 7th ...
It is the 13th century, and Russia is overrun b...
Jason, a fearless sailor and explorer, returns ...
Odile is a business executive looking for a new...
The Russian poet Andrei Gorchakov, accompanied ...
Pierre Lachenay is a well-known publisher and l...
In the bleak days of the Cold War, espionage ve...
Young blonde translator Rebecca lives with her ...
An artist slowly goes insane while struggling t...
A cab driver and an opera fan strike up an unus...
Mikio and Washizu are the commanders of the 1st...
Spanning four decades, from the chaotic 1960s t...
California teen Anita Minteer struggles in the ...
Set right before the fall of Thailand's old cap...
Young Jim Hawkins, while running the Benbow Inn...
An uptight English writer traveling to Crete on...
An unsuspecting wife of a power hungry husband,...
Trevor is a troubled high school student, thank...
Film adaption of the novel by Jean Craighead Ge...
A new reporter is brought to a Philadelphia new...
A doctor dealing with the aftermath of his son'...
An oddball family on a Kansas farm are trapped ...
Tough guy Thomas Beckett is an US soldier worki...
Based on the alleged autobiography of gay peruv...
Karl, a technician in a computer shop, is also ...
After their father dies, a family of five are f...
Blind blues musician Paul Pena is perhaps best ...
The true WWII story of Audie Murphy, the most d...
11 directors show their view on the terrorist a...
Charlie Brown, Linus, Peppermint Patty and Marc...
Keen young Raymold Avila joins the Internal Aff...
An ambitious reporter gets in way-over-his-head...
Prominent gang leader Cyrus calls a meeting of ...
Crown Prince Rudolf of Austria (Omar Sharif) cl...
It is the summer of 1941 and the Finnish army h...
Allies of the Shadows seek revenge against huma...
A group of Soul Hunters come to Babylon 5 deman...
Susan Ivanova discovers a derelict spaceship in...
Q-SKY is the #1 radio station in Los Angeles ma...
After defeating France and imprisoning Napoleon...
A small but growing Texas town, filled with str...
San Francisco comes alive in this amusing chron...
In the far future, a savage trained only to kil...
Hapless Henry Palfrey is patronised by his self...
A harrowing tale of faith, revenge, and savager...
A group of army personnel and nurses attempt a ...
Victor Marswell runs a big game trapping compan...
The film chronicles filmmaker Joel DeMott, sign...
Diego is a doctor who has fallen in love with a...
Axel Heyst is an American recluse with a dubiou...
Walter Mitty, a daydreaming writer with an over...
An unsuspecting, disenchanted man finds himself...
Captain Edward Hall returns to the USA after tw...
An explosives manufacturer suspects a young man...
Nick and Nora go on holiday, and end up involve...
Nick and Nora are at their wise-cracking best a...
Nora's cousin Selma asks Nick to find her unfai...
Nick and Nora investigate a murder on a gamblin...
An intimate look at the Woodstock Music & Art F...
Lili, a pouty and voluptuous 14-year-old, is ca...
Former secret agent Robert Elliot (Coburn) will...
William Powell and Myrna Loy are a couple whose...
Based loosely on the poem by Rudyard Kipling, t...
Under Paul ‘Muad'Dib’ Atreides' rule as Emperor...
A three part mini-series based on Frank Herbert...
Stefan and Kai have good going business, self-g...
This Hong Kong martial-arts extravaganza tells ...
Those supersucking desert creatures are back --...
Burt Gummer returns home to Perfection, Nev., t...
Peanut butter is the secret ingredient for magi...
A New York tramp falls in love with the mayor's...
Gavin is 31 years old and still lives with his ...
A gang of bank robbers with a suitcase full of ...
A film of Margaret Cho's one-woman stand-up sho...
Paris, 1995. Laure (Valérie Lemercier) is about...
In Haiti, a wealthy landowner convinces a sorce...
Sir James Forbes arrives in a remote Cornish vi...
A nurse in the Caribbean turns to voodoo in hop...
A naive Canadian barber who knows US popular cu...
In the heart of Styria the Karnstein Family, ev...
Based on the story of Elisabeth Bathory, the 18...
A group of cheerleaders from the local high sch...
A young but bright former window cleaner rises ...
An aging Pat Garrett is hired as a lawman on be...
When a crooked sheriff murder his employer, Wil...
Robert Morgan is the last man on earth, as far ...
Terry is a tough mercenary and a master of mart...
Second in a series starting with The Street Fig...
At the beginning of the 1913 Mexican Revolution...
An American bartender and his prostitute girlfr...
An ex-lawman is hired to transport gold from a ...
Double-crossed and left without water in the de...
McQueen is Junior Bonner, an aging rodeo champ ...
A one-armed martial arts master is being stalke...
Blackmailing a young couple to assist with his ...
A warlock burned at the stake comes back and ta...
After finding a wallet in the street tepper cal...
In the 19th century, a sadistic nobleman terror...
Berlin is Walter Ruttmanns black and white docu...
Three centuries ago, a precious sword has been ...
Due to an accident while swimming in the sea, F...
Max Flatow is a precocious, social miscreant wh...
An intensely sad film about two brothers who ca...
In this powerful early noir from the great Akir...
A rich housewife enlists her maid's help to mur...
Satanists in the middle west terrorize and some...
When Joe Valachi (Charles Bronson) has a price ...
A Vietnam veteran, Charles Rane, returns home a...
In Akira Kurosawa's gritty Stray Dog, a young p...
Lured by gold, two greedy peasants escort a man...
An executive of a shoe company becomes a victim...
Rational, exacting, and self-controlled theater...
When young Fool breaks into the home of his fam...
Debbie and Gerald's lives drastically change af...
A cinematic portrait of the homeless population...
The Marx Brothers are employed at a hotel in po...
Fictional documentary about the life of human c...
A sensitive exploration of the tragic irony of ...
Ingmar Bergman's psychological study of how hum...
"The Silence" is about the emotional distance b...
Master craftsman Ingmar Bergman explores the se...
While vacationing on a remote island retreat, a...
Ingmar Bergman’s The Magician (Ansiktet) is an ...
Sommarnattens leende (Smiles of a Summer Night)...
Monika from Stockholm falls in love with Harry,...
Two professional killers invade a small town an...
Drama while a tour bus driver shows church ladi...
This pseudo-biographical movie depicts 5 years ...
Bizarre tale of sex, betrayal, and perversion a...
Against a background of war breaking out in Eur...
A Southerner--young, poor, ambitious but uneduc...
Harry Kilmer returns to Japan after several yea...
A high school outcast new to town becomes frien...
A troubled young man is drawn to a mythical pla...
A couple is terrorized in their new house haunt...
Following a bungled robbery, three violent crim...
A young man, Peter, returns to Austria in searc...
Sexually abused as a young girl, Kate "Ma" Bark...
Paul Groves (Peter Fonda), a television commerc...
Ken Park focuses on several teenagers and their...
On a beautiful June weekend in 1967, at the hei...
Tells the story of operation Market Garden. A f...
Chan Wing Yan, a young police officer, has been...
A recently released patient from a mental insti...
A hapless talent manager named Danny Rose, by h...
A group of scientists have developed the Resona...
Gomez is a middle-aged man who dreams of buying...
50 years after a nuclear war, the two superpowe...
A group of people stop by a mansion during a st...
John Canyon is one of the last independent spac...
A science fiction vampire movie. The Vampire is...
A group of rock-music-loving students, with the...
In a boorish future, the government sponsors a ...
Warren Oates plays a world-weary gambler trying...
Nerdy Walter Paisley (Dick Miller), a maladroit...
An artist grows distant from his new wife as an...
Peter Fonda plays 'Heavenly Blues', the leader ...
Nell Bowen, the spirited protege of rich Lord M...
In the near future the two spaceships Argos and...
Dusty Chandler (Strait) is a super star in the ...
Americans Jeff and Tommy, hunting in Scotland, ...
While working as a counselor at a summer camp, ...
PK, an English orphan terrorized for his family...
The remarkable story of The Weather Underground...
Brash, loudmouthed and opportunistic, Kikujiro ...
It's an hour before Lucy's wedding and her best...
This South Korean film takes place on an isolat...
The Phantom Tollbooth, based upon the children'...
A recently released ex-con and his loyal wife g...
The story of British serial killer John Christi...
A woman in the midst of an unpleasant divorce m...
Miranda Presley moves from New York to Nashvill...
In 1946, a soldier fathers a child then dies be...
A woman must steal a statue from a Paris museum...
A young policewoman slowly goes insane while tr...
An unemployed man trying to steal from a conven...
Society-girl thrillseeker Lydia's fun comes to ...
A quick-witted drifter wanders into a lawless t...
Three manic idiots; a lawyer, cab driver and a ...
A bunch of eccentric relatives gather for their...
A small-time hood must choose from among love, ...
Story of the relationships between two sons and...
Warner Bros.' hard-hitting chain-gang movie was...
The men of Bravo Company are facing a battle th...
Bristling with equipment, two enthusiastic loca...
Harper is a cynical private eye in the best tra...
Gigolo and drifter, Chance Wayne, returns to hi...
On February 15, 1992 in Milwaukee, Wisconsin, J...
Willard Young is a 10-year-old boy who is sent ...
The tragic story of a young orphan girl who is ...
Ella Connors is a single woman who gets pressur...
In the style of a documentary this tragic comed...
The ultimate weapon, claimed to be safe for man...
North Korea's 8th Special Forces hijacks a ship...
A stranger visits a tiny Western town determine...
A desperate writer fights for survival when the...
An intent fast paced Danish dark comedy film ab...
When DEA agents are taken captive by a ruthless...
Cult classic starring Ralph Macchio as a want-t...
Based on the life of Frank Pesce (Danny Aiello)...
A much-needed boost, in the form of a new facto...
A series of teenage gangs struggle against each...
Sammy and Rosie are an unconventional middle-cl...
A female buddy story in which Meg Tilly plays a...
A married farmer falls under the spell of a sla...
Determined to pull in the Pulitzer Prize, repor...
Andy, a successful marketing guy quits his job,...
A French boarding school run by priests seems t...
The documentary follows Annabel Cong, former re...
In 1995, at the urging of her then-husband, an ...
An advertising executive fails to realize that ...
A story of two teenagers trapped in the world o...
A young Danish man, Christoffer, lives a life o...
Civilization has been destroyed by war and poll...
Scientific experiments accidentally revive an e...
A cosmetics queen develops a youth formula from...
In a community nearby a swamp, a local dweller ...
A man living in rural Wisconsin takes care of h...
At the start of World War II, Cmdr. Ericson is ...
Sex, torture and betrayal in Biblical Sodom and...
Ryūichi and his small gang of Triad vie for con...
The film tells the tragical story of the life o...
An experiment on a simpleton turns him into a g...
Two wannabe heroes and their friends must stop ...
A Greek Fisherman brings an Atlantean Princess ...
The life of brilliant but tortured artist Vince...
Episodic journey of an Italian journalist scour...
A member of an elite paramilitary counter-terro...
Undercover cop Jim Raynor (Jason Patric) is a s...
Errol Flynn leads a group of slaves to freedom ...
A lift begins displaying some erratic behavior,...
In a soon to be demolished block of apartments,...
Rita, a hairdresser with a sharp wit, is marrie...
The Winfield family moves into a new house in a...
In medieval Japan a compassionate governor is s...
A brash and precocious ten-year-old (Catherine ...
During the build-up to D-Day in 1944, the Briti...
Henry VIII of England discards one wife, Kathar...
Based on a play by Tennessee Williams, "Baby Do...
A woman disappears during a Mediterranean boati...
A hip and happenin' all girl rock group head to...
A French actress filming an anti-war film in Hi...
A reporter is murdered while driving to his job...
In the civil wars of 16th century Japan, two am...
Martin and Hazel Quarrier are small-town fundam...
A small town of Central America in the eighteen...
A group of Spanish refugees try to organize pro...
Sculptor Ivan Igor struggles in vain to prevent...
An international assassin known as ‘The Jackal’...
A adventuresome young man goes off to find hims...
A gang of racketeers frames down-on-his-luck Jo...
The children of Ballydowse and Carrickdowse eng...
Chilling and eerie, this supernatural tale of g...
Bumble the Bear (Olivier Bommel) finds an egg t...
In this remake of the original classic film, a ...
Set in America's Colonial period, John Ford's a...
A lovely dame with dangerous lies employs the s...
Boring businessman Larry Wilson recovers from a...
When a store clerk organizes a contest to climb...
Newspaper men compete against each other to fin...
A mismatched collection of conscripted civilian...
Elliot Gould plays Alfred Chamberlain -- a one ...
Viridiana, a young nun about to take her final ...
Life really sucks for a group of gay and lesbia...
Trapped in a Elite School which a gang of crimi...
Bernard Chanticleer's father gives him two simp...
After a successful robbery leaves famed thief L...
An Innuit hunter races his sled home with a fre...
A man gets involved in a kidnapping scheme with...
Queen Christina of Sweden is a popular monarch ...
The film concentrates on the camaraderie and th...
When the notorious Diaper Mafia take hostage th...
Burt Reynolds plays a legendary stunt man known...
A man is looking for a singer he had heard on c...
Pinky is an awkward young teen who starts work ...
God, heaven, and several Old Testament stories,...
The Wolves baseball team gets steamed when they...
An old mother and her middle-aged daughter, the...
Jason Crockett is an aging, grumpy, physically ...
A young man with a talent for music meets an as...
During World War II, three German soldiers are ...
Hardened criminal Maggie Hayward's consistent v...
Nearing retirement, Dabney Coleman finds that h...
The film begins in a flashback from the titular...
Disgusted with the policies of King Charles I, ...
Jose Luis is an executive at his parents underw...
To reconcile with his girlfriend, a bookish col...
A tough-guy cop (Joe Don Baker) pursues two dru...
Ten strangers are invited as weekend guests to ...
Kameda, who has been in an asylum on Okinawa, t...
At her husband's funeral, Pearl (Shirley Maclea...
Princess Beatrice's days of enjoying the regal ...
When legendary hunter Bob Rainsford is shipwrec...
Newspaper reporter, Hildy Johnson is engaged an...
Dolls is a film about Japanese doll theater and...
The true story of Agnes Newton Keith's imprison...
Is a light hearted and satirical tale of politi...
Lecturer Sheridan Whiteside slips on the ice on...
Recently divorced career woman Alex Greville be...
When his cattlemen abandon him for the gold fie...
At a family reunion, the Cooper clan find that ...
Susan Applegate, tired of New York after one ye...
When a US Naval captain shows signs of mental i...
After opening a convent in the Himalayas, five ...
Defiant's crew is part of a fleet-wide movement...
Escape from Alcatraz tells the story of the onl...
When 9-year-old orphan Oliver Twist dares to as...
A dramatization of the controversial trial conc...
Shrek, Fiona and Donkey set off to Far, Far Awa...
After years of increases in the greenhouse effe...
Helen Harris has a glamorous, big-city life wor...
Following a ridiculously awful flight that lead...
Director Mario Van Peebles chronicles the compl...
A grandmother has a passionate affair with a ma...
Teenage Mary Cummings, who has "been Born Again...
When Anna and her family arrive at their holida...
Harry, Ron and Hermione return to Hogwarts for ...
Trainees in the FBI's psychological profiling p...
Zatôichi is a 19th century blind nomad who make...
After years of outrunning ruthless bounty hunte...
Garfield, the fat, lazy, lasagna lover, has eve...
What does it take to become a Stepford wife, a ...
Two friends who work in the same oshibori laund...
Previously unreleased material outlines the cam...
A listless and alienated teenager decides to he...
In this drama, a wealthy American doctor learns...
Jack McKee is a doctor with it all: he's succes...
In a touring Shakespearean theater group, a bac...
Deadbeat dad kidnaps his kids from the bus to a...
Set during WW I, Palmer and Hayden team up as v...
Lucy Chadman (Shelley Long) chokes to death and...
British artist Colin Ware discovers that his fi...
A 1938 romantic comedy film which tells the sto...
Rock Hudson and Doris Day are together again! J...
The Russians need help in dealing with the Mafi...
Whoever said dog is man's best friend never met...
Three 1960s California surfers fool around, dri...
A woman is waiting in a motel for her boyfriend...
Having written the music and screenplay for thi...
A con man and a young woman travel across the c...
A year after Sheila is killed in a hit-and-run,...
A young woman, Tara Maguire (Robin Wright) scan...
Gertrude Lawrence rises to stage stardom at the...
A Justice of the Peace performed weddings a few...
In a staid English seaside town after the Secon...
Professor Moriarity has a scheme for stealing t...
John Twiller takes down his high school yearboo...
Prince Paris of Troy, shipwrecked on a mission ...
On his uncle's death Sir Henry Baskerville retu...
An artist in crisis is haunted by nightmares fr...
Life is rough in the coal mines of 1876 Pennsyl...
The tranquility of a small town is marred only ...
After a car accident, Lizzie lies dead on the r...
A dazed woman walks the streets of Los Angeles ...
Nino and Bruno are two comedians who reach the ...
Five children in an apparently ideal American s...
The most important family in Hickoryville is (n...
Jerry and Ted are young, in love, and part of t...
Giant preying mantis living in a south American...
An anthology of various tales told in various s...
In a story told in narrative flashbacks, a youn...
Alvin has entered himself and Simon and Theodor...
The relationship between Sergeant Stryker and a...
Aliens have landed and are hiding on Earth, but...
Unable to find her runaway son, a woman deceive...
Anthony Adverse is a 1936 American drama film d...
Richard Dadier is a teacher at North Manual Hig...
It tells the story of a romance between a young...
Two strangers meet and fall in love during the ...
The unborn child of Mamlakat is telling her sto...
The story of the post World War II Jewish refug...
A chief of detectives, homicide section, commit...
Donna and Michael are getting married. But firs...
During World War I, small-town girl Josephine N...
Dull and plain Catherine (Olivia de Havilland) ...
During their annual visit to the Iowa State Fai...
Directed by Jack Conway and Harold S. Bucquet, ...
When the head of a large manufacturing firm die...
A small-town doctor helps a deaf-mute farm girl...
Morgan Spurlock subjects himself to a diet base...
A charming racketeer seduces the DA's daughter ...
When an itinerant reluctantly returns home to h...
Time travel, still images, a past, present and ...
The second film in Terence Davies's autobiograp...
The King of Kings is the Greatest Story Ever To...
Based on the Kenneth Roberts novel of the same ...
Dorian Gray, wishing to remain young and handso...
A ruthless motorcycle gang rides into a Califor...
The Human Condition is a Japanese epic film tri...
A love story situated in the Himalayas. A Buddh...
Polly Parrish, a clerk at Merlin's Department S...
Drama critic Larry McKay, his wife Kay, and the...
Siddhartha is the story of a young Brahmin and ...
A psychopathic criminal (Cagney) with a mother ...
Ebeneezer Scrooge (Alastair Sim) contentedly me...
The "Memphis Belle" is a World War II bomber, p...
An up-and-coming poker player tries to prove hi...
A young man goes to prison and a tough, older c...
This movie is a stark portrayal of life among a...
Hattie (Susan Sarandon), a New Orleans hooker, ...
Great monster fight sequences are a highlight o...
A young man who escaped the clutches of a murde...
A dashing Mississippi river gambler wins the af...
Sir Walter Scott's classic story of the chivalr...
Al Fountain, a middle-aged electrical engineer,...
White-collar worker Yamashita finds out that hi...
When his wife is killed in a seemingly random i...
A circus' beautiful trapeze artist agrees to ma...
Charlie is an immigrant who endures a challengi...
Aspiring filmmakers Mel Funn, Marty Eggs and Do...
When a young airman miraculously survives baili...
Old sailor Chris Christofferson eagerly awaits ...
Dr. John Beck, recently married, decides to tak...
The black policeman Russell Stevens applies for...
Based on the story by Robert Louis Stevenson, D...
Set in the American Old West of the 1880s, Miss...
Dan Roman is a veteran pilot haunted by a tragi...
The Garrisons (Dean Jones and Suzanne Pleshette...
A bet pits a British inventor, a Chinese thief ...
Will Graham, a former London crime boss who has...
When megalomaniacal White Goodman, the owner of...
Viktor Navorski is a man without a country; his...
Nine-year-old Frankie and his single mum Lizzie...
Two FBI agent brothers, Marcus and Kevin Copela...
Alternately tragic and comic, an exploration of...
An epic love story centered around an older man...
Two tigers are separated as cubs and taken into...
From Paris to Venice to Broadway to Hollywood, ...
A period drama/thriller about a surveyor and hi...
Compelled by a mysterious force, Kaena, a rebel...
An Army colonel leads a guerrilla campaign agai...
This musical is based on four short stories by ...
Doctor Hugo Hackenbush, Tony, and Stuffy try an...
Major Daniel Kirby takes command of a squadron ...
Dexter Riley is a science student at Medfield C...
Inez Macbeth is a pretty young woman married to...
Couples Bob &amp; Carol Sanders and Ted &amp; A...
Virgie Cary's father, a rebel officer, sneaks b...
Late one evening Alex suddenly abandons his gir...
Herb and Rex, the Jurassic odd couple, guide yo...
How, thanks to what's known as the "Butterfly t...
A small Swedish village, Högboträsk, is so peac...
Documentary on the director's meeting with Castro.
A quaint Australian fishing village is overcome...
Fr. Hugh O'Flaherty is a Vatican official in 19...
A collection of fairy tale characters head into...
This film is the semi-humorous documentary abou...
A film about the noted American linguist/politi...
A G.I. en route to Europe falls in love during ...
A young novelist, Richard Harland, meets beauti...
Inter-tribal rivalry leads to a competition to ...
To try and kick-start her show-business career,...
A look at the history of fame in the world thro...
A woman (Heather Graham) grows suspicious of he...
Russia attacked Finland in late November 1939. ...
Based on an "actual event" that took place in 1...
Henry J. Tyroone leaves Texas, where his oil we...
Four Harlem friends -- Bishop, Q, Steel and Rah...
15-year-old Natalie, confused to begin with, fi...
Mordrcai Jones (George C. Scott) is a rural con...
Chief Inspector Jacques Clouseau is dead. At le...
An entrepreneurial criminal, Slim (Dorff) is as...
In Northern Norway during the 1860s, a little g...
Denis Hopkins, a pilot, lives with his pregnant...
In New York, the boys Rocky Sullivan and Jerry ...
In a repressive boarding school with rigid rule...
Shadows is an improvisation inspired film about...
Reportedly the first film to come out of East G...
In Marseilles (France), skilled pizza delivery ...
A gang of thieves calling themselves the Santa ...
Pull My Daisy is a film that typifies the Beat ...
One Christmas Eve three people, a middle-aged a...
An unlikely friendship between a dour, working ...
A man returns to his Appalachian homestead. On ...
Just before stubborn millionaire Edwina Cutwate...
A Swedish-American farmer's daughter leaves the...
Hard times came for Carraclough family and they...
Joe spends a lot of his time at Nick's Pacific ...
Heiress, Joanna Stayton hires carpenter, Dean P...
Boris Karloff stars as the villainous Dr. Fu Ma...
Sequel to On Moonlight Bay. The trials and trib...
The story about Gloria Wandrous, a promiscuous ...
On the outskirts of town, the hard-nosed Vienna...
The film is based on a true incident in Le Mans...
The guests at an upper-class dinner party find ...
Update on Leo Tolstoy's "The Death of Ivan Ilyi...
Michael Moore's view on what happened to the Un...
Based on the play "Cyrano de Bergerac", large n...
A feature length documentary about the Free Kev...
From peyote to prozac, a sensitive portrait of ...
Five strangers board a train and are joined by ...
The experience shared by four first-timers demo...
A satire about desperate hustling, pop philosop...
The end of the millenium has taken on a certain...
The story, set in 1971 at the time of the war b...
In the depression, Chaney, a strong silent stre...
Daisy is the love of Ken's life - she is also l...
A video game expert Alex Rogan finds himself tr...
After relocating his family - and his prized re...
An oil prospector escapes from capture by a pri...
Peter Parker is going through a major identity ...
Filmmaker Louis Schwartzberg hits the road to c...
Nine years ago two strangers met by chance and ...
When affluent executive, Wayne Hayes is kidnapp...
The story of the Arthurian legend, based on the...
It's the 1970s, and San Diego super-sexist anch...
As their first year of high school looms ahead,...
Sam Montgomery is a tomboyish, unpopular girl a...
In 2035, where robots are common-place and abid...
A pregnant Colombian teenager becomes a drug mu...
After destroying a Seminole fort, American sold...
When the Kwimper family car runs out of gas on ...
A company of Spanish movie makers leaves Franco...
The USS Neptune, a nuclear submarine, is sunk o...
The film follows one day in the lives of the Ty...
In the sixteenth century, Miguel de Cervantes, ...
Two kidnappers snatch a girl off the streets an...
A tough marshal with political ambitions leads ...
A young Viking prince strives to become a knigh...
While the audience watches a black and white ho...
Jacek climbs into the taxi driven by Waldemar, ...
An experienced bounty hunter helps a young sher...
Bored with her marriage to burnt out poet turne...
Desire for a subject that functions like a brie...
Following With Fire and Sword', this is an adap...
The epic tale of the development of the America...
In the Fifteenth Century, France is a defeated ...
In the mid-1990's, spurred on by both the sudde...
Paris, 1942. Robert Klein cannot find any fault...
When a CIA operation to purchase classified Rus...
Liquidated after discovering a corporate conspi...
Three friends form a bond over the year, Johnat...
Four unstable twenty-something women search for...
Stay Hungry is a 1976 dramatic comedy film by d...
Fritz Lang directed this sequel to his nearly f...
Zus &amp; Zo shows what three sisters are willi...
Battle Hymn was inspired by the true story of A...
A US Navy submarine, the USS Corsair, is operat...
Pig and Runt born on the same day, in the same ...
The American destroyer escort, the USS Haynes c...
From the immensely popular FIST OF THE NORTH ST...
A mysterious plague, the Purple Death, ravages ...
In this third remake of legendary Japanese dire...
With its electrifying flight sequences and high...
A Nazi doctor who had a fetish for young boys f...
Having failed in their quest for the Holy Grail...
People in a small German village in the last va...
Marshal Chris Adams turns down a friend's reque...
French Resistance activist Andre Devigny is imp...
Left on the doorstep of a monastery as an infan...
A German living in India during World War II is...
Orgy of the Dead is an unrated 1965 film direct...
Sean Connery is Shalako, a guide in the old Wes...
Madison Avenue executive Graham Marshall has pa...
"Listen: Billie Pilgrim has come unstuck in tim...
Thomas has been estranged from his brother Luc ...
In November 1941, Major Caton takes command of ...
This remake of the 1926 silent film classic and...
The Acunas, a rich Argentine family, have the t...
Teenaged Susan Turner, with a severe crush on p...
Breezy is a teen-aged hippy with a big heart. A...
Victor is a man who gets to Paris to join his f...
An Italian diplomat's son follows and seduces E...
A black female TV producer struggles in Hollywood.
During World War II, Captain Cassidy and his cr...
In New York in 1995 Dr. Richard Jacks is a crea...
Ray is young, charming, successful and the owne...
On his way to a medical convention, Dr Fausto r...
A retired British soldier struggles to adjust t...
When Duffy Bergman, a New York cartoonist, meet...
The Greatest is a 1977 film about the life of b...
A campy chronicle of the lusts and loves of the...
A teenage drifter finds an opportunity to turn ...
The simple story of two young Michigan high sch...
Fantastic improbabilities, happenstance and the...
Cary Grant stars as an advertising executive wh...
Ellen Arden arrives 7 years after being given u...
After her father's ship is carried off by a sud...
Swellegant and elegant. Delux and delovely. Col...
Cool, cultured John Gant rides into Lordsburg. ...
Wild Bill Hickok (Gary Cooper), Calamity Jane (...
A seasoned FBI Agent's child-genius son assists...
Olivia de Havilland stars in this look inside a...
When honest ship captain Roy Glennister gets sw...
Joe Pesci stars as Louie Kritski, a heartless l...
The film begins following the British victory o...
God throws his hands up at the foolishness of h...
Union general William T. Sherman said, "War is ...
As Garibaldi's troops begin the unification of ...
A Jewish man and a jewish woman meet and while ...
At first, Dr. Sidney Schaefer feels honored and...
An art director in the 1930s falls in love and ...
A scientist comes to believe that evil is a dis...
Swann (Jeremy Irons), an eligible bachelor in t...
Based on a real-life story, this drama focuses ...
Fictional account of French artist Henri de Tou...
The American architect Kracklite arrives in Ita...
Laborie is a high-flying officer in the French ...
The Marx Brothers help young Broadway hopefuls ...
Tony Baker is a rebel with a cause in this clas...
Dennis Hopper is a hard-drinking truck driver w...
The star of a TV crime reenactment show becomes...
Exotic dancer Angéla attempts to have a child w...
After many years working in the streets of Roma...
In a run-down Edo tenement, an elderly man (Rok...
Baseball cards and a food-aid worker help a wom...
The streets of Los Angeles are crawling with we...
Unassuming catering salesmen Jim Ferguson falls...
An American actor impersonating an English butl...
Story of the love between a struggling American...
A young drifter, struggling to makes ends meet,...
Desert Storm vet who was killed in combat rises...
Stories about three very different women and th...
The former famous painter Frenhofer lives quiet...
A Paris police detective (Richard Berry) plays ...
Bart Tare is an ex-Army man who has a lifelong ...
Stoker Thompson is a 35-year-old has-been boxer...
Unprecedented: The 2000 Presidential Election i...
A headstrong young teacher in a private school ...
"I saw these movies. They had a powerful effect...
When crooks set up operations in a traditional ...
Mike Vecchio and Susan Henderson are preparing ...
Joseph Kotcher, retired salesman, walks out on ...
In Scotland 1865, An old shepherd and his littl...
A law student comes to California for the summe...
Thomasina is the pet cat of Mary McDhui, the da...
Two rich children devise a way to escape their ...
The Bower Family Band petitions the Democratic ...
Harry and his much-younger girlfriend surprise ...
Hit man Philip Raven, who's kind to children an...
A falsely convicted man's wife, Catherine (Vinc...
Stroud, a crime magazine's crusading editor has...
Burt Lancaster plays Steve Thompson, a man who ...
King Louis XIV has without his knowledge a twin...
Bullied by classmates, a pudgy military-school ...
Holmes is hired by Roland Carstairs to prevent ...
British agent Alec Leamas refuses to come in fr...
Starting in Switzerland, Sherlock Holmes rescue...
A series of bizarre, seemingly unconnected murd...
Blacklisted in modern day WW2, a Swedish oil tr...
A provocative, seemingly absurd patchwork movie...
Ramona works in a concert agency and is sent af...
A convicted thief in Dartmoor prison hides the ...
Isabelle Adjani and Gerard Depardieu star in di...
The Assassination Bureau has existed for decade...
When his army unit was ambushed during the firs...
Dangerous missions are the bread and butter of ...
When a willful young man tries to venture beyon...
Andrew returns to his hometown for the funeral ...
A family chooses a match for their 28-year-old ...
A military deserter in a French port city finds...
Zero-X, a manned exploration mission crashes du...
The International Rescue team is faced with one...
During the Battle of the Bulge, an anachronisti...
Revengers Tragedy is a film adaptation of the 1...
A mysterious and highly successful hitwoman in ...
After a family visit, stressed businesswoman Se...
Over the course of one night, a team of cops fr...
Early in the 20th century, family and friends g...
In feudal India, a warrior (Khan) who renounces...
A wily slave must unite a virgin courtesan and ...
Filmmakers (and brothers) Albert and David Mays...
Cab driver Max picks up a man who offers him $6...
Determined to learn about her boyfriend's past ...
A futuristic 'Brief Encounter', a love story in...
An aspiring young filmmaker gets involved with ...
An army major, himself guilty of cowardice, is ...
Soon after being named the new leader of his hi...
During World War II, in occupied France, a woma...
A quartet of disaffected Korean youths have rob...
In this deadly game of cat and mouse, Roland Wo...
Sometimes, it takes a strange night to put ever...
Mia Thermopolis is now a college graduate and o...
Based on a true story, the tale of a cement tru...
When scientists discover something in the Arcti...
After the conclusion of the Battle City Tournam...
After an injury, Graham suffers from short-term...
Married couple Jack and Terry Linden are experi...
Three friends, whose lives have been drifting a...
Having lived through traumatizing events during...
A race car driver tries to outrun the beautiful...
Chautauqua manager Walter Hale and his loyal bu...
Mike and Danny fly a cropduster, but because of...
When singer Gut Lambert goes on tour in Europe,...
Band singer/race driver Mike McCoy must choose ...
Johnny Tyronne, action movie star and ladies ma...
A NASA spacecraft proves Einstein right when, t...
Hooker and Gondorf pull a con on Macalinski, an...
Chantel worries about her new marriage to photo...
Alison follows her friends to a summer camp for...
Set in Limoges, the movie tells the story of "g...
A 1983 stand-up comedy film featuring the comed...
The working class twin sister of a callous weal...
Benji and his friends try to save his mother fr...
The blood orchid - A rare flower that holds the...
A killer is on the loose, and an FBI agent sift...
A Chinese emissary is sent to the Gobi desert t...
Beautiful, funny, passionate, and calculating, ...
When Todd Anderson signs a $30 million deal wit...
A rising Hollywood actor decides to take person...
Matthew, a young advertising executive in Chica...
One of two deadly hired kilers switches places ...
A recently widowed woman on the road with her p...
When an accident involving a folding machine at...
J.R. is a typical Italian-American on the stree...
Two months shy of their wedding, a couple decid...
A man gets out of prison after 15 years for sta...
Romantic comedy about an honest Mexican immigra...
Filip buys an 8mm movie camera when his first c...
Taking place in a 1982 Poland a translator lose...
James Cray watched as his wife was killed by Fa...
It's got that Purple Rain feeling through and t...
Five young men linger in a postadolescent limbo...
Two friends from Miami are in the French Rivier...
Many kids might say their best friend is a pupp...
It's time again for California's "Young America...
After being discredited as a coward, a 19th cen...
In the late 1960s, three Harvard students Jessi...
While conducting a seance during a Halloween pa...
Playing around with a Ouija board, a trio of fr...
Teen lovers Bobby and Terry band together with ...
Lilith is a about a mysterious young woman in a...
Musical set in the 'future', e.g. 1994. A young...
Following on from the plot of the last movie, b...
A young man receives an emergency phone call on...
As the city is locked down under quarantine, Al...
Needing a new partner capable of intricate cons...
A young girl seduced by a boy's affluent seemin...
Aging baseball star who goes by the nickname, M...
When gigantic robots attack New York City, "Sky...
A pro tennis player has lost his ambition and h...
A man rescues a woman from a suicide attempt in...
A romantic drama set in 1930's England, Paris, ...
Samantha MacKenzie, the daughter of the preside...
Telly Paretta is a grieving mother struggling t...
A movie director-screenwriter finds a man to fi...
Sylvia Stickles runs a convenience store with h...
"The Motorcycle Diaries" is based on the journa...
Shaun lives a supremely uneventful life, which ...
An emotionally remote recovering alcoholic and ...
An aging widower fights family disapproval when...
Danny O'Neill and Hank Taylor are rival trumpet...
The class of nuke 'em high is back, and this ti...
In 1935, when his train is stopped by deep snow...
A boy with a massive facial skull deformity and...
Roger Grant, a classical violinist, disappoints...
Boston is being terrorized by a series of seemi...
The only chance to escape a desert island is to...
A man is mistaken as a spy by the CIA when he a...
A commitment-shy New York fashion model moves i...
David, a college student, is looking for a job....
Psychiatrist Ann Hecker is ending one relations...
Four friends reuniting a year after college, ea...
Sam Elliott and Katharine Ross star as architec...
A newly wed couple are sitting on a train when ...
Jillian Shanahan, a deaf woman, becomes the tar...
Henelotter up's the ante in the final part of h...
Having eluded the authorities after a series of...
After witnessing the killing of his mate and of...
A story of a disaffected youth's search for lov...
A young bride suspects her husband has been rep...
The women of Troy face enslavement after the fa...
Luis Buñuel made this adaptation of one of the ...
A conservative Midwest businessman ventures int...
Jeff Gerber, an insurance agent, lives in a typ...
Two Texas border guards find a jeep buried for ...
An earthquake releases a strain of mutant cockr...
Lieutenant Andre Duvalier has been accidentally...
A long long time ago a wizard was put to death,...
1492: Conquest of Paradise depicts Christopher ...
A New York University professor returns from a ...
Oscar is a small fish whose big aspirations oft...
Under the watchful eye of his mentor, Captain M...
Black Cloud, is an inspirational story about a ...
A husband-and-wife team play detective, but not...
Raise Your Voice is a coming-of-age story cente...
A mouthy and feisty taxicab driver has hot tips...
A tale of four generations of men, all of whom ...
Friends/fledgling entrepreneurs invent a device...
Humble Maria, who outfits top London theater st...
Upon first sight of a beautiful instructor, a b...
Team America World Police follows an internatio...
A black comedy that follows three generations o...
Thirty-nine-year old divorcé Louise Harrington ...
The 1954 musical film based on the play by the ...
A grieving widow embarks on a new romance when ...
The second of Trier's films known collectively ...
This multiple-Oscar-winning film by Roman Polan...
If they missed Beatles' first appearance in the...
Russian political elite hires American consulta...
A young martial artist, Cord the Seeker, compet...
Coy "Cannonball" Buckman (David Carradine) and ...
A noted professor and his dim-witted apprentice...
Anna Sewell's classic 1877 novel beautifully co...
About a filmmaker not only revisiting, but also...
A documentary on children of the insanely rich....
Heavily pregnant Lenore Davis tells her husband...
Four very different Montreal university teacher...
When Robin meets the lovely Jamika he thinks he...
Two New York City children who launch a hilario...
January, 1920. 350,000 French soldiers remain m...
A small, turbulent town in Texas obsesses over ...
Filmmaker Jonathan Caouette's documentary on gr...
Set in a world with memory implants, Robin Will...
Peaches, a hair stylist from Baltimore, and her...
Set in 1969, Alan Parker (Jackson) is a young a...
"Spin" tells the story of a boy who loses his p...
Julia Lambert is a true diva: beautiful, talent...
Ryan is a teenager who lacks the ability to spe...
The mesmerizing story of a young girl's romance...
Drew Latham is an executive leading an empty, s...
American nurse, Karen Davis moves to Tokyo and ...
In Manhattan, the British limousine driver Alfi...
Two middle-aged men embark on a spiritual journ...
The Machinist is the story of Trevor Reznik, a ...
Abortionist Vera Drake finds her beliefs and pr...
The wickedly funny story of three sisters' comi...
Michael Caine, Robert De Niro, Jack Nicholson a...
On February 7th, 2003, renowned artists across ...
The Munns, father John and sons Chris and Tim, ...
Two strangers become dangerously close after wi...
Obsessed with teaching his victims the value of...
Born on a sharecropping plantation in Northern ...
It took Anna 10 years to recover from the death...
Filmed and directed by the Iraqis themselves --...
Bob Parr has given up his superhero days to log...
An intimate look at hip-hop artist Shawn Carter...
The story of two lovers and their attempts to s...
A fictionalized account of the last days of ope...
When a doubting young boy takes an extraordinar...
Kinsey is a portrait of researcher Alfred Kinse...
The killer doll is back! The all-new film is th...
Two master thieves (Brosnan and Hayek) are fina...
Bridget Jones is becoming uncomfortable in her ...
Finding Neverland is an amusing drama about how...
The story of the love between Veer Pratap Singh...
Modern treasure hunters, led by archaeologist B...
Two children, Ignacio and Enrique, know love, t...
There's trouble brewing in Bikini Bottom. Someo...
Joseph just broke up with his girlfriend and is...
Rancher Clay Hardin arrives in San Antonio to s...
Alexander, the King of Macedonia, leads his leg...
Luther Krank is fed up with the commerciality o...
A documentary on the curious American domestic ...
Jean-Luc Godard's poetic meditation on war, vio...
A witty, romantic, and very dangerous love stor...
Based on Anne Holm's acclaimed young adult nove...
In 9th century China, a corrupt government wage...
Danny Ocean reunites with his old flame and the...
For years, Blade has fought against the vampire...
Stanley is a bellboy at the Fountainbleau Hotel...
An examination of political consultant Karl Rov...
This was Jerry Lewis' answer to the classic Cin...
Film adaptation of the George Abbott Broadway m...
Sidney Pythias (Jerry Lewis) is the a bumbling ...
The Disorderly Orderly is a 1964 American comed...
Paramutual Pictures wants to know where all the...
A young heiress must choose between six uncles,...
After his girl leaves him for someone else, Her...
When a star comedian dies, his comedy team deci...
The film follows a rebellious teenager on leave...
Bill Miller is an unsuccessful Broadway perform...
Various MGM stars from yesterday present their ...
Gene Kelly and Fred Astaire present more golden...
Some of MGM'S musical stars review the studios ...
Lieutenant Rip Crandall is hoodwinked into taki...
He was a fierce military commander who led huge...
A team of American astronauts leave their space...
Daryl is a normal 10-year-old boy in many ways....
A group of men who were clearing bush for the g...
The star-crossed desert romance of a cloistered...
Mary Marshall, serving a six year term for acci...
The owner of a coal mining operation, falsely i...
The clock is ticking towards The Last Minute, b...
As adults, best friends Julien and Sophie conti...
   A mysterious girl inspires a struggling artist.
A sexy but poor young girl marries a rich man s...
In this speculative one-man drama, we see forme...
While husband Tim is away during World War II, ...
A young woman becomes obsessed with a small-tim...
A sociology instructor finds her new teaching d...
In a gritty retelling of the Dickens's classic,...
A chronicle which provides a rare window into t...
This film attempts to correct the record when i...
A venal, spoiled stockbroker's wife impulsively...
Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde is a 1920 horror silent...
In the 16th century, the Jews of Prague face pe...
As Alice and Cora Munro attempt to find their f...
A tramp sneaks into a upper class golf resort. ...
It's New Year's Eve. Three drunkards evoke a le...
As a young couple stops and rests in a small vi...
Sheik Ahmed (Valentino) desperately desires fie...
Grave robbing, torture, possessed nuns, and a s...
A man who has been frozen in the Arctic ice for...
Hunchback's story revolves around a beautiful g...
Harold Van Pelham (Lloyd) is a hypochondriac, r...
Story of an inventor who, suffering betrayal in...
Professor Stock and his wife Mizzi are always b...
A film projectionist longs to be a detective, a...
The story of an idle rich boy who joins the US ...
Harold Lamb is so excited about going to colleg...
Greed is the classic 1924 silent film by Erich ...
A grotesquely disfigured composer known as the ...
A young Jewish man is torn between tradition an...
October is Sergei M. Eisenstein's docu-drama ab...
A Romance of the Days When 'Frisco Was the Pari...
Lon Chaney is carnival knife thrower Alonzo the...
The rise and inevitable fall of an amoral but n...
Buster is a tintype portrait photographer who a...
Adapted from Edgar Allan Poe's Fall of the Hous...
The film centers on ambitious but undisciplined...
Gwynplaine, son of Lord Clancharlie, has a perm...
Sadie Thompson arrives in Pago-Pago to start a ...
The just out of college effete son of a no-nons...
This early example of the "backstage" musical g...
Un Chien Andalou is a classic European avant-ga...
A small-time hood shoots his way to the top, bu...
The film consists of a series of tightly interl...
Dink Purcell loves his alcoholic father, ex-hea...
Four stowaways get mixed up with gangsters whil...
Lora Hart manages to land a job in a hospital a...
Bourgeois Parisian bookseller Edouard Lestingoi...
A wisecracking New York reporter intrudes on a ...
Las Hurdes – Tierra Sin Pan / Land Without Brea...
Seeking shelter from a pounding rainstorm in a ...
Rasputin is one of the most interesting people ...
Big Louis Costillo, last of the old-style gang ...
Shanghai Express is an American love story and ...
Two young brothers become the leaders of a gang...
A traveler obsessed with the supernatural visit...
The career of a waitress takes off when she mee...
Social climbing Millicent and Oliver Jordan thr...
British Egyptologist Professor Morlant finds a ...
Four aspiring musical actresses - Carol, Trixie...
An obsessed scientist conducts profane experime...
Apple Annie is an indigent woman who has always...
New York singer and nightclub owner Lady Lou ha...
Beleaguered adventurer Carl Denham returns to t...
When the villagers of Klineschloss start dying ...
At the height of the Great Depression, Tommy's ...
Newly married couple Juliette and a ship captai...
Elizabeth Barrett's tyrannical father has forbi...
American honeymooners in Hungary are trapped in...
A widow and her housekeeper go into business to...
Tobin is after the bandit Zanti who killed his ...
A World War I British Army patrol is crossing t...
A prince from a small kingdom courts a wealthy ...
Leslie Howard plays Sir Percy Blakeney, an 18th...
In the 1920s, the Provence is a magnet for immi...
Stan and Ollie stow away to Scotland expecting ...
In 1922, an Irish rebel informs on his friend, ...
Sir Karell Borotyn appears to have been killed ...
The Raven (1935) is a horror film directed by L...
A strange animal attack turns a botanist into a...
A man and a woman arrive in a cafe-hotel near t...
When a prisoner barely survives a lynch mob att...
When an heiress sues a newspaper, the editor hi...
Longfellow Deeds lives in a small town, leading...
Gabby lives and works at her dads small diner o...
The story is set in Cambodia in the years follo...
Despite her mother's objections, the naive youn...
Karen and Martha, college roommates, graduate a...
Magazine publisher Van Stanhope is a hard-worki...
Life in 1847 Paris is as spirited as champagne ...
Harvey, the arrogant and spoiled son of an indu...
This film introduced the Dead End Kids in their...
A bohemian free spirit (William Powell) helps m...
Hazel Flagg of Warsaw, Vermont receives the new...
An Englishman on a Ruritarian holiday must impe...
The ups and downs in the lives and careers of a...
Madcap couple George and Marion Kerby are kille...
The Bellows family causes comic confusion on an...
In 1915 France, Major Brand commands the 39th S...
Johnny Case, a freethinking financier, has fina...
During WWI Bill Pettigrew, a naive young Texan ...
Twenty years after the murder of Alice Barlow, ...
A concert violinist becomes charmed with his da...
After the WWI Armistice Lloyd Hart goes back to...
The Earnshaws are Yorkshire farmers during the ...
In Tokyo in 1888, Kikunosuke Onoue, the adoptiv...
Abe Lincoln in Illinois is a 1940 biographical ...
McMasters and Sand come to oil towns to get ric...
When retired racket boss John Sarto tries to re...
In flashback, fifty years after inventing the l...
After a woman shoots a man to death, a damning ...
Dashing pirate Geoffrey Thorpe (Errol Flynn) pl...
A group of academics have spent years shut up i...
Produced over a two-year period, Kenji Mizoguch...
Boxer Joe Pendleton, flying to his next fight, ...
Popular crooner Russ Raymond abandons his caree...
A young man asks a hat check girl to pose as hi...
Never Give a Sucker an Even Break is a 1941 fil...
A happily married woman sees a psychoanalyst an...
Rick Leland makes no secret of the fact he has ...
Broadway gambler 'Gloves' Donahue wants to find...
As bareknuckled boxing enters the modern era, b...
An ambitious woman doesn"t care who she hurts i...
Larry Haines, a mediocre vaudeville entertainer...
Prelude to War was the first film of Frank Capr...
An amnesiac World War I vet falls in love with ...
Ten screenwriters collaborated on this series o...
Lieutenant Joe Rossi is 1st Officer on a Libert...
Pete Sandidge (Tracy), a daredevil bomber pilot...
Henry Van Cleve presents himself at the gates o...
The beautiful wife of a tweedy astronomer becom...
Documentary about the 25th and last bombing mis...
A conman poses as a war relief fundraiser, but ...
Acrobat Eddie Marsh is in the army now. His fir...
In a 17th-century Danish village, an old woman ...
Rusty Parker, a red-headed leggy dancer at Dann...
The young, friendless daughter of Oliver and Al...
Olivier mustered out of the navy to film this a...
An idealistic adolescent, suffering under the t...
A meek novelist investigates the mysterious dea...
Stephen Neale is released into WWII England aft...
A small-town girl with a soft spot for American...
A popular and beautiful woman is forced into a ...
In this family saga, Mrs. Parkington recounts t...
Matrac (Humphrey Bogart) is a freedom-loving Fr...
An American woman with a British husband fights...
A seductive woman gets an innocent professor mi...
A homely maid and a scarred ex-GI meet at the c...
On a Greek island during the 1912 war, several ...
Sergei Eisenstein's final film, this is the fir...
A sharecropper fights the elements to start his...
Shortly after Pearl Harbor, a squadron of PT-bo...
In Brooklyn circa 1900, the Nolans manage to en...
Locals in an Italian village believe evil has t...
This film noir stars Alan Ladd as a war veteran...
De Havilland plays two roles in this entertaini...
Davis and Rains shine in a romantic melodrama s...
In this Dickens adaptation, orphan Pip discover...
A classical musician from the slums is sidetrac...
At a track near Rome, shoeshine boys are watchi...
Wilson of the War Crimes Commission is seeking ...
Near the end of the Civil War, the proud reside...
The movie follows the rise and fall of a con ma...
Belfast police conduct a door-to-door manhunt f...
Scat Sweeney, and Hot Lips Barton, two out of w...
Struggling artist Geoffrey Carroll meets Sally ...
Three outlaws on the run discover a dying woman...
Wealthy Polly Fulton marries a progressive scho...
The baseball player (William Bendix) goes from ...
On the day before Easter in 1911, Don Hewes is ...
In John Ford's sombre exploration the mythology...
A romantic drifter gets caught between a corrup...
A pianist about to flee from a duel receives a ...
The idyllic life of a young Cajun boy and his p...
The Naked City portrays the police investigatio...
A girl is engaged to the local richman, but mea...
The story of a petty criminal and his girlfrien...
The hectic adventures of D'Artagnan, a young pr...
Sir Alfred De Carter suspects his wife of infid...
In 1867, a gang led by James "Stretch" Dawson r...
Josh (Astaire) and Dinah (Rogers) Barkley are a...
In this musical remake of The Shop Around the C...
Lora May Hollingsway, who grew up next to the w...
At the Café des Poètes in Paris, a fight breaks...
When Cholera takes the parents of Mary Lennox, ...
Horse trainer Shawn O'Hara and his lovely niece...
This film adaptation of Irving Berlin's classic...
Elisabeth and her brother Paul live isolated fr...
Gregory Peck stars as an aging notorious gunsli...
Adventurer Allan Quartermain leads an expeditio...
A group of juvenile delinquents live a violent ...
Akira Kurosawa directed this drama about a papa...
To Jane Falbury's New England farm comes a trou...
Is a provocative, haunting, and compassionate e...
This is the story of David Marshall 'Marsh' Wil...
Carrie's dreams of adventure in the big city ar...
An embittered woman seeks escape in marriage, o...
The classic tale of a king and an everyman swit...
Follows a woman's fight and survival amid the v...
In this sequel to "The Paleface", Peter Potter ...
Abbott &amp; Costello are two bumbling (natural...
After a stagecoach holdup, Frank Slayton's noto...
The samurai Moritoh Enda (Kazuo Hasegawa) perfo...
Elia Kazan's 1953 film stars Fredric March as t...
When British Railways announce the closure of t...
Story of manic schoolgirls who are more interes...
In 17th century Kyoto, Osan is married to Ishun...
A comedy/drama about a world-weary impresario w...
Gladys Glover has just lost her modeling job wh...
A newly wed couple, Tacy and Nicky, travel in a...
When churlish, spoiled rich man Bob Merrick foo...
The issues the miners strike for include equity...
Struggling to elevate himself from his low cast...
A movie star helps a young singer/actress find ...
American girls dream of finding romance in Rome...
A gang of forty motorcyclists, the Black Rebels...
At an exclusive psychiatric clinic, the doctors...
Three World War II buddies promise to meet at a...
Orson Welles’s "Mr. Arkadin" tells the story of...
The documentary film from French director Resna...
After years on the road establishing his reputa...
Vaudeville entertainer Eddie Foy, who has vowed...
It is the summer of 1941. An eastern-Finnish ma...
Bill Benson and Ted Adams are to appear in a Br...
In the War's closing days, when a conscience-dr...
Billy Bigelow has been dead for 15 years. Now o...
A humble and simple Takezo abandons his life as...
When a village is besieged by giant caterpillar...
A seasick sea captain commands an amusement pie...
Chase a Crooked Shadow (1958) is a suspense fil...
An American airbase in Canada provokes resentme...
After serving time for manslaughter, young Vinc...
The life and career of vaudevillian and silent ...
Charles 'Slim' Lindbergh struggles to finance a...
Two psychics send a woman back in time to find ...
A routine flight turns into a major emergency a...
Violette Bushell is the daughter of an English ...
An 1840s British surgeon, experiments with anes...
Nishi is an advertising executive for a caramel...
An aging politician tries to get re-elected one...
Machine-Gun Kelly, the famous bank robber, seld...
A rugged city editor (Clark Gable) poses as a j...
A submarine commander is on a relentless pursui...
Hollywood legends Kirk Douglas, Tony Curtis, Er...
In this unusually accurate biography, small-tim...
Picnic on the Grass is a 1959 film directed by ...
Aliens, contacting scientist Adam Penner, infor...
Kaji, having lost his exemption from military s...
An agonizing portrait of desperate Japanese sol...
In the rebellious northern frontier province of...
Gabrielle Van Der Mal gave up everything to bec...
Michel is released from jail after serving a se...
A troupe of travelling players arrive at a smal...
Up and coming young lawyer Anthony Lawrence fac...
An endocrinologist in a dysfunctional marriage ...
Keiko, whom everyone calls Mama, narrates her s...
In the Australian Outback, the Carmody family--...
The story of Franklin Roosevelt's bout with pol...
A young executive hunts down his father’s kille...
A. J. Niles is the author of a series of 'Bache...
Ex-army officer accidentally kills a woman's so...
Karl from Germany and Marcelo from France emigr...
A man in a gleaming white suit comes to a small...
Miss Marple believes she’s seen a murder in a p...
The Japanese forces having been shattered, Kaji...
Ram Bowen and Eddie Cook are two expatriate jaz...
A wheelchair-bound young girl returns to her fa...
A Senate investigation into the President's new...
The emotional story of a young man in a mental ...
Teenagers stumble across a prehistoric caveman,...
Peace in 17th-century Japan causes the Shogunat...
A rebellious youth, sentenced to a boy's reform...
A con man comes to an Iowa town with a scam usi...
The Bounty leaves Portsmouth in 1787. Its desti...
During the Civil War, a Southern civilian is ab...
                                               NaN
Roberto, a shy law student in Rome, meets Bruno...
The Grimm brothers Wilhelm and Jacob, known for...
A young woman meets a vital young man, but thei...
During a war in an imaginary country, unscrupul...
A young Catholic priest from Boston confronts b...
Beatnick Jerry takes his girl, Angie to the car...
Honeymooning in Bavaria, the young couple becom...
When a one-night stand results in pregnancy, a ...
George Washington McLintock, 'GW' to friends an...
Miss Marple and Mr Stringer are witness to the ...
The fashion industry and Paris provide the sett...
For some reason, this year's Nobel prize in lit...
Eileen is 22 and is smarting from her breakup w...
An aging gangster, Fernand Naudin is hoping for...
Germans kidnap an American major and try to con...
King Henry II of England has trouble with the C...
Manuel Artiguez, a famous bandit during the Spa...
The other party is in disarray. Five men vie fo...
An aging, reclusive Southern belle plagued by a...
Surprised that their contract victim didn't try...
A former prostitute discovers that her philanth...
In medieval times, on a remote plain, a widow a...
In prohibition-era Chicago, the corrupt sheriff...
Stranded on Mars with only a monkey as a compan...
The story follows a family of inbreeds who have...
Carla Zachanassian had a child by Serge Miller ...
This black comedy opens with Louisa Foster dona...
On the island, the hosts of a traditional Swedi...
Tracing the struggle of the Algerian Front de L...
When Charlie Brown complains about the overwhel...
Whilst vacationing in the Carpathian Mountain, ...
A wagon train heads for Denver with a cargo of ...
Set in German-occupied Norway, this is an embel...
North Africa, World War II. British soldiers on...
A naval officer reprimanded after Pearl Harbor ...
On a strange island inhabited by demons and spi...
Newly arrived in Hollywood from England, Dennis...
During the last winter of the Civil War, cavalr...
Allied agents infiltrate the Nazi rocket comple...
Three cowhands, between jobs, have the bad dumb...
Twelve-year-old Nick lives with his Uncle Murra...
As the Allied forces approach Paris in August 1...
An expansive Russian drama, this film focuses o...
The sad life and death of Balthazar, a donkey, ...
The Dynamic Duo faces four super-villains who p...
Grand Prix driver Pete Aron is fired by his tea...
English General Charles George Gordon, a devout...
General Yu is executed after having been accuse...
A family gets lost on the road and stumbles upo...
In a small town still occupied by the Germans a...
After yakuza boss Kurata dissolves his own crim...
In the year 50 BC, Gaul is occupied by the Roma...
An expedition in the South Pacific lands on a t...
In this wildly entertaining vision of one of th...
Fando and his partially paralyzed lover Lis sea...
Two young hoodlums (including a young Martin Sh...
After botching his latest assignment, a third-r...
Julie Kohler is prevented from suicide by her m...
Jacques Tati’s gloriously choreographed, nearly...
After being double-crossed and left for dead, a...
A hired gun seeks to enact revenge on a group o...
Chicago February 14th 1929. Al Capone finally e...
The film is a stark and graphic portrayal of th...
Tony Rome, a tough Miami PI living on a housebo...
The ten-year marriage of Mark and Joanna Wallac...
Sylvia Barrett is a rookie teacher at New York'...
An ex-con seeks revenge on the man who put him ...
Popular animated hero Asterix and his faithful ...
Semyon Gorbunkov goes on a cruise with a smuggl...
In the shadow of Castle Dracula, the Prince of ...
The Monkees are tossed about in a psychedelic, ...
Singer is a deaf-mute whose small world brings ...
Harold Fine is a self-described square - a 35-y...
An unhappily married socialite finds solace in ...
When Timmy Cleary (Sheen), comes home from sold...
SYMPATHY FOR THE DEVIL is an exhilarating, prov...
Seven-hour epic based on the eponymous book by ...
When a widower with 10 children marries a widow...
Alice's Restaurant is a 1969 movie adapted from...
This story from Alexander Dumas is updated to m...
Forbin is the designer of an incredibly sophist...
Death Rides a Horse (aka Da uomo a uomo, or As ...
Academy Award-honoree Peter O'Toole stars in th...
A planet is discovered in the same orbit as Ear...
During summer vacation on Fire Island, three yo...
The rigid principles of a devout Catholic man a...
Sir Guy Grand, the richest man in the world, ad...
Los Angeles private-eye Philip Marlowe is tryin...
A German student, Stefan, who has finished his ...
In turn-of-the-century Mississippi, an 11-year-...
Three elderly distinguished gentlemen are searc...
In the 1950s, Ludvik Jahn was expelled from the...
Racial tensions threaten to explode when a blac...
Brewster is an owlish, intellectual boy who liv...
A hitman is double-crossed by his girlfriend an...
Ass-breaker Dingus Magee is looking for a gold ...
By turns tragic and transcendent, Akira Kurosaw...
A giant creature attacks Japan during the World...
On the eve of his wedding, on holiday on the La...
Vietnam vet John Rubin returns to New York and ...
The story of vampire Barnabas Collins, the poss...
The youngsters puppy love is set against a back...
At the age of twenty-nine, Elgar Enders "runs a...
Under hypnosis while trying to quit smoking, th...
A young gangster Chas Devlin (James Fox) seeks ...
A stowaway (Stanisław Tym) sneaks aboard a ship...
At the end of the Spanish civil war, Fando, a b...
The setting is the east shore of the Caspian Se...
An epic portrait of late Sixties America, as se...
Offbeat Civil War drama in which a wounded Yank...
A dramatised historical account of the rise and...
Travelling businessman, David Mann, angers the ...
Orphaned and left in the desert as an infant, E...
Tale of torrid and forbidden love between Chris...
Joe, a young American soldier, is hit by a mort...
While passing through the town of Bannock, a bu...
Newly released from a mental ward, Jessica hope...
The simple story has the pair coming to the res...
Set in cold rural Quebec at Christmas time, we ...
Henry Graham is a man with a problem: he has ru...
Biography of the last Russian Monarch, Tsar Nic...
The story of Manfred von Richtofen, the german ...
The Prince of Darkness casts his undead shadow ...
A con artist arrives in a mining town controlle...
After saving a Black Panther from some racist c...
El Topo decides to confront warrior Masters on ...
In the middle of the 19th century, Kristina and...
A mad scientist implants an electronic device i...
A mysterious man John Kane (Sidney Poitier) who...
The vengeful Doctor rises again, seeking the Sc...
Set in London in the early 1970's, supposedly f...
A young businessman goes to a magic expert to l...
Hapless orchestra player becomes an unwitting p...
In this first film of the Lone Wolf and Cub ser...
In the second film of the Lone Wolf and Cub ser...
Chronicles the rise and fall of legendary blues...
A cynical look at the life of a not so nice cou...
While searching for a small fortune of embezzle...
Mr. Hulot is the head designer of the Altra Aut...
In this riot of frantic disguises and mistaken ...
Charley Varrick robs a bank in a small town wit...
A low-budget, sci-fi satire that focuses on a g...
The film spans three days in the life of Agnes ...
Dracula is searching for a woman who looks like...
Hobos encounter a sadistic railway conductor th...
Rogue intelligence agents, right-wing politicia...
Amanda Wingfield dominates her children with he...
Jack Beauregard, one of the greatest gunman of ...
Neil Agar, a security agent with the State Depa...
A notorious bank robber kills his wife and flee...
Arizona ants mock the food chain on their way t...
A businessman's professional struggles begin to...
Two drifters bum around, visit earthy women and...
A journalist witnesses a brutal murder in a nei...
A black man plays Uncle Tom in order to gain ac...
A Shakespearean actor takes poetic revenge on t...
A young boxer joins a martial arts school to in...
Sort of a cross between "Love Story" and an ear...
Buford Pusser's a wrestler, whose wife wants hi...
Alan Bates recreates his award-winning stage ro...
A down on his luck gambler links up with free s...
After the death of his brother on the road, une...
A young, white teacher is assigned to an isolat...
A cop chases two hippies suspected of a series ...
Emmanuelle, a svelte, naive young woman, is en ...
Bourgeois convention is demolished in Luis Buñu...
Within the decadent walls of the Frankenstein m...
Uganda's dictator, General Idi Amin Dada, accep...
Insurance investigator Maindrian Pace and his t...
Chevy Chase makes his film debut in this riotou...
Harry is a retired teacher in his 70s living in...
This film recounts the history and attitudes of...
A Mexican master leads a Christ figure and othe...
Based on the story by Antoine deSaint-Exupery, ...
As the result of a head injury, brilliant compu...
Bowie, a youthful convicted murderer, and bank ...
After spending decades living in the shadow of ...
The story of a modern family bored with the has...
Two distant cousins meet at a wedding banquet f...
Dolemite is a pimp who was set up by Willie Gre...
Asterix and Obelix depart on an adventure to co...
Emmanuelle returns to her husband in Hong Kong ...
Los Angeles private eye Philip Marlowe is hired...
Two bumbling hustlers in the 1920s attempt to g...
"Popeye" Doyle travels to Marsailles to find Al...
A biplane pilot who had missed flying in WWI ta...
Adèle Hugo, daughter of renowned French writer ...
A group of old friends have a tradition of goin...
When Los Angeles private detective, Harry Moseb...
David Locke (Jack Nicholson) is a world-weary A...
A survivor of an attack on a rebel group opposi...
Lee Long is a martial-arts champion who the pol...
Clint Ramsey has to leave his job working at Ma...
Three bizarre horror stories ending with the st...
Set in Bertolucci's ancestral region of Emilia,...
Various experiences of childhood are seen in se...
War correspondent Lopatin takes a 20-day-leave ...
Bank robber Graham Dorsey spends a few hours wi...
Two years after the Westworld tragedy in the De...
This film documents the coal miners' strike aga...
Joe Dante directs this story of the glamour, th...
A German Marquise has to deal with a pregnancy ...
A common thief (Depardieu) breaks into the hous...
Handsomely-mounted historical epic concerns the...
Tom Logan is a horse thief. Rancher David Braxt...
Olga Voznesenskaya is a silent screen star whos...
A somewhat daffy book editor on a rail trip fro...
Up! is a 1976 soft core sex comedy film directe...
A couple of English tourists arrive on an islan...
Movie detailing ABBA's mega-successful tour of ...
A scientist creates Proteus, an organic super c...
Dr. Richard Thorndyke arrives as new administra...
At Bertrand Morane's burial there are many of t...
Director Paul Morrissey applies a hefty dose of...
Family honor, greed, machismo, homophobia, and ...
An egotistical saxophone player and a young sin...
Clive Langham (Sir John Gielgud) spends one tor...
Four exiled international criminals on the run ...
When her daughter joins a ballet company, a for...
The story of the rise and fall of the Pre-Fab F...
General George S. Patton died in a car accident...
In order to protect the reputation of the Ameri...
A kung-fu student is instructed by his dying te...
A documentary about the men who run a pet cemet...
Kao has purchased a new wife, but an enemy has ...
Stella Johnson is a single mother living in the...
Bilbo Baggins the Hobbit was just minding his o...
Andras Varda grows up in a turbulent, war-torn ...
Politicians scheme to clone themselves, assurin...
A young woman discovers that the pesticide bein...
Already in his childhood, Pablo Picasso shows t...
Everyone abuses and humiliates a downtrodden or...
Muffin's wedding to Dino Corelli is to be a big...
In this documentary, the director follows the d...
In this sequel to Les Bronzes (1978) summer has...
An absurd black comedy that cunningly reverses ...
"Hair" is a 1979 musical war comedy-drama film ...
The film's plot is based on the Kennedy assassi...
In preparation for his daughter's wedding, dent...
Dracula and Renefield relocate to 70's era New ...
While touring in Italy, a recently-widowed Amer...
An actress suffers an emotional uproar in her p...
During a future ice age, dying humanity occupie...
Horsemouth, a drummer living in a ghetto of Kin...
A divorced man falls in love, but somehow he ca...
Reine is supposed to go to a summercamp called ...
Tommy takes up temporary housing in a New York ...
An Earth Man and his alien friend escape an exp...
The mass murder of Jewish people by the Nazi re...
Peter-No-Tail is a cat who's born without a pro...
In a lake high in the mountains of New Zealand ...
Called out of retirement to settle the affairs ...
During the French Revolution, a mysterious Engl...
Mick O'Brien is a young Chicago street thug tor...
A powerful statement against war, Barefoot Gen ...
Officer Frank Murphy, an experienced LAPD helic...
The tale of a hapless group of cabbies and a ru...
The film portrays a fictional nuclear war betwe...
Arms dealers from several companies vie to sell...
A shy but gentle man named Clifford Skridlow is...
Taped live and in concert at Constitution Hall ...
Brother and sister Enrique and Rosa flee persec...
A happily married woman comes to realize hersel...
In 1942, British soldier Jack Celliers comes to...
In spite of being apprenticed to a Pirate King ...
A team of scientists working to raise a sunken ...
The protagonist is Carmen X, a female member of...
A malevolent rock star kidnaps a female singer ...
Martinique, in the early 1930s. Young José and ...
Rusty James, an absent-minded street thug strug...
This sensuously beautiful film chronicles the a...
Paul Snider is a narcissistic, small time hustl...
Disgusted with criminals escaping the judicial ...
Charlie's ex-wife disappears, and he goes to wh...
Stroker Ace, a champion NASCAR driver, is stand...
A bad Polish actor is just trying to make a liv...
Four directors collaborated to remake four epis...
An alcoholic writer begins having visions appar...
When household tensions and a sense of worthles...
For years Yellowbeard had looted the Spanish Ma...
In spring 1976, a 19-year-old beauty, her Germa...
Set in the 1930s, Guy Bennett and Tommy Judd ar...
Paris by night. Alex, 22, wants to become a fil...
Several lost-soul night-owls, including a night...
An old bitter miser who makes excuses for his u...
11-year-old Davey's mother is dead and his fath...
Radio host Alan Bird witnesses how an icecream ...
World Chess Champion Akiva Liebskind (Michel Pi...
Miles buys himself a state-of-the-art computer ...
The Towani family civilian shuttlecraft crashes...
Ex-gangster Willie Parker has betrayed his form...
The time is the distant future, where by far th...
Alternating between the past and the present, a...
A mockumentary that depicts the final concert o...
Twenty-three-year old Peter Foster is an only c...
"He who has two women loses his soul, he who ha...
Henry and Nicky are small town pals from blue c...
Little Billy witnesses his parents being brutal...
A true twentieth-century trailblazer, Harvey Mi...
Most notable as being Donnie Yen's first film a...
Almodóvar has described his fourth film as a ho...
At the turn of the century on Prince Edward Isl...
Obelix falls for a new arrival in his home vill...
Set during the days of the Roman Empire. A simp...
An advertising firm, desperate to keep an accou...
An advertising executive dies and goes to hell....
With the help of student assistant Boris and st...
Salesman Willy Loman is in a crisis. He's about...
A group of people are trapped in a West Berlin ...
The army of the Marauders, led by by King Terak...
Sixteen-year-old Michael Dunn arrives at St. Ba...
The planned reburial of a village elder goes aw...
A virtuous Hong Kong police officer must clear ...
A fictional account of the life of Japanese aut...
A group of drug runners/freedom fighters has ki...
Peter-No-Tail (Pelle Svanslös) is a cat who was...
After a top-secret experiment misfires, a scien...
Two bumbling government employees think they ar...
Weird yummy goo erupts from the earth and is di...
A Texan with a secret past (Gene Hackman) searc...
Second silver screen adaption of the Finnish wa...
High school wrestler Louden Swain is a man obse...
An expatriate Russian dancer is on a plane forc...
Inside the Blue Note nightclub one night in 195...
One little ancient British village still holds ...
A small-town loser determines to have one more ...
When Chicago firefighter Jack Moniker retires a...
In the near future, drive-in theatres are turne...
A low-class a-social family ends up in a rich u...
Amelia and Pippo are reunited after several dec...
Cassie has a miserable job in a bar, is lonely ...
Alexander, a journalist, philosopher and retire...
A Vietnam vet (Tommy Lee Jones) takes forceful ...
Ross McElwee sets out to make a documentary abo...
In a future in which most water has disappeared...
A reforming ex-gangster tries to reconcile with...
Jackie Chan stars as a hot-shot lawyer hired by...
G.I. Joe faces a new enemy as an ancient societ...
'Hell' is the name of the hero of the story. He...
An 8 year old boy must return his friend's note...
The weaponfactory in Rotum is selling weapons i...
When porn director Pablo reluctantly breaks up ...
Erstwhile C.I.A. assassin Richard Malone hopes ...
Around the year 1000 AD warlike people, the so-...
A research team finds a mysterious cylinder in ...
Ning Tsai-Shen, a humble tax collector, arrives...
A New York journalist lies when his fake story ...
A San Quentin inmate, sentenced to life without...
The Whales of August is a 1987 film based on a ...
A restaurant owner his ex-con brother and a pol...
Wandering minstrel Ashik Kerib falls in love wi...
An unconscious man is washed ashore on the beac...
The U.S. government, eager to protect the natio...
"Cobra Verde" (Green Snake) is a villainous ban...
In the 20th century, no artistic medium in Nort...
Dominick and Eugene are twins, but Dominick is ...
A young doctor is suspected when a series of Ja...
Aliens, who look like clowns, arrive on Earth t...
A movie that starts out with the "Man in the Mi...
A quiet young English girl named Alice finds he...
1908: Pascali, a spy for the Sultan, sends repo...
After Charles Forsyth was sent to the electric ...
When a boxer is killed because he wouldn't take...
While their mother is dying in the modern Gimli...
Road movie about two children searching for the...
Two babies are switched at birth. When the mist...
A White enclave in Johannesburg, South Africa, ...
In the late 1970s, a mysterious new disease beg...
A young witch, on her mandatory year of indepen...
A French man spies on a lovely younger woman ac...
Year 2038: The mineral resources of the earth a...
Late in the 1500s, an aging tea master teaches ...
A struggling actor's job as a hotel custodian i...
A female police detective investigates a series...
Masaki, a baseball player and gas-station atten...
Terry Dean is an electronics wizard and thief. ...
Martha Travis is a medium who makes contact wit...
A prim and proper schoolgirl goes against her m...
When three close friends escape from Hong Kong ...
Officer Alex Kearney patrols an upscale neighbo...
A medical school dropout loses his fiancée in a...
A nearly wordless visual narrative intercuts tw...
Elliot Hopper is a widower with three children,...
Mason Storm, a 'go it alone' cop, is gunned dow...
An American professional gambler named Jack Wei...
A young Norwegian boy in 1850s England goes to ...
After fifteen years' service, Henri Boulanger i...
A woman married to the brutal and infertile own...
The Krays is a film based on the lives and crim...
Lyon Gaultier is a deserter in the Foreign Legi...
A Los Angeles District Attorney (Gene Hackman) ...
This fiction-documentary hybrid uses a sensatio...
Brian and Charlie work for a gangster. When the...
A mysterious suicide and a series of unmanned r...
A young boy tries to cope with rural life circa...
The story of Stevie, a construction worker, and...
Terry Noonan returns home to New York's Hells K...
Tatie Danielle is a black comedy about a widow ...
1936, Italian army is invading Ethiopia. Lieute...
Movie star Roxy Carmichael is abandoning the br...
Director Michael Apted revisits the same group ...
The movie is set in Hong Kong and the Philippin...
When Billy returns from reform school he has to...
Begotten is the creation myth brought to life, ...
Two blind men pursue ephemeral and unlikely hop...
As punishment for drunken, rebellious behavior,...
A young writer is interrogated by a sadistic se...
In this fast-paced, noirish road movie, a compu...
Brick Bardo is a traveller from outer space who...
To get to know his girlfriend's son, a man volu...
This compelling story vividly recreates Hollywo...
A chronicle of the production problems — includ...
Thane Furrows, an extremely cynical but uninten...
Bobby Gold is a career cop who is reassigned fr...
Good hearted but not very wordly-wise, Dante is...
Infatuated with the idea of becoming rich, coll...
Hard man Ricky is incarcerated in a futuristic ...
A drug dealer with upscale clientele is having ...
The Linguini Incident is a 1991 American comedi...
Although Jason works as a department store cler...
It’s 1982, and Taeko is 27 years old, unmarried...
Renata Bella feels like a failure at life and c...
A corporate raider threatens a hostile take-ove...
Gino Felino (Steven Seagal) is an NYPD detectiv...
An exiled magician finds an opportunity for rev...
American Matt Quigley answers Australian land b...
Reclusive Rubin Farr teams up with vocal but un...
A new music teacher in a 1955 West Texas home f...
                                               NaN
Joe Huff (Brian Bosworth) is a tough, loner cop...
A busload of women become stranded in an isolat...
Jude, a college professor, is obsessed with Sop...
It's late 17th century. The viola da gamba play...
A new doctor from Moscow arrives at a provincia...
A runaway orphan, young Sonora, persists in a m...
DCI Jane Tennison's investigation of a murder i...
Aileen Wuornos: The Selling of a Serial Killer ...
In a final and epic battle in the thrilling seq...
During World War II, a brave, patriotic America...
Extremely silly comedy about a self-indulgent p...
A description of Romania before Ceausescu's dow...
As lawyer and power broker Roy Cohn lies dying ...
A film about three high school friends who find...
Gabriel Caine has just been released from priso...
A beautiful vampire turns a crime lord into a c...
A struggling young musician and devoted fan of ...
Porco Rosso, known in Japan as Crimson Pig (Kur...
Antonio, a policeman (carabiniere), has an orde...
To climb the corporate ladder to success, a guy...
The Mambo Kings tells the story of César and Ne...
Looking to get rich quick, an unsuccessful lawy...
The Story of Qiu Ju is a 1992 Chinese comedy-dr...
Spirited New Yorker Linda Voss goes to work for...
Barry is an asthmatic kid having trouble in lif...
Goran Markovic, known more for his dramatic wor...
Beautiful violin virtuoso Camille has two obses...
Cameramen and women discuss the craft and art o...
During the Ming Dynasty, Tsao Sui Yan, the powe...
After the earthquake of Guilan, the film direct...
In a small village in Västergötland, everything...
'Captain' Call has just buried Gus at Lonesome ...
When a scientists daughter is kidnapped, Americ...
A town cursed with barren women and famine is s...
Bad Boy Bubby is just that: a bad boy. So bad, ...
The sensitive swordsman Cho Yi-Hang is tired of...
A television movie based upon the book by Bryan...
A photographer and his wife travel across Armen...
In the year 2074, the cybernetics market is dom...
Mother rules the house with an iron hand and ha...
The hero Fong Sai Yuk becomes involved in the s...
A futuristic prison movie. Protagonist and wife...
In the first half of this century, young Li Tie...
Josh and Sam are two brothers facing change, th...
Latcho Drom is a 1993 French documentary film d...
After years of fame and misfortune in Mexico, t...
A former pro-wrestler is hired to be the bodygu...
Sam has a problem with his roommates: they are ...
It is several years after the events of the fir...
When her daughter Shanna is disqualified from c...
Set in Ireland, Sharon Curley is a 20 year old ...
Kitano plays Murakawa, a Tokyo yakuza tiring of...
A member of the English upper class dies, leavi...
Falsely accused for cheating in a martial arts ...
A lesbian hires a male escort to break the hear...
The human race is wiped out by a government inv...
71 scenes revolving around multiple Viennese re...
A young woman is trained by a martial arts spec...
Chaesed away by her father , an idealistic she-...
Darkman and Durant return and they hate each ot...
An 18-year-old college freshman is seduced by a...
A domestic house cat named Francis investigates...
When a young man's unemployment benefits run ou...
A vain actor, his best friend, and an activist ...
A brash 22-year-old FBI agent trumps up charges...
Chen Zhen, a Chinese engineering student in Kyo...
Sophie, a writer of racy romance novels, is wor...
Three decades after the great war between the h...
Those Cleveland Indians are at it again! After ...
A teenage girl on vacation in the Bahamas with ...
Lugubrious Finns Valto and Reino take to the ro...
Thrill-seeking teenagers resurrect a demon from...
Onoff (Depardieu,) is a famous writer, now a re...
Very much in love, Neil's wedding plans are sab...
A corrupt businessman commits a murder and the ...
On a red eye flight from LA to Boston, 10 peopl...
In 1994, in Toronto, the vampire Boya awakens f...
Five men plot to steal a large sum of money fro...
Pekka (Martti Suosalo) saapuu pitkästä aikaa ko...
A Montana bounty hunter is sent into the wilder...
Shizuku lives a simple life, dominated by her l...
Desire torments a former cultist taking refuge ...
After failing to save his wife from 'The Doctor...
Bison, the ruthless leader of the international...
"Trinity and Beyond" is an unsettling yet visua...
A modern, punk adaptation of Shakespeare's clas...
Heading through Colorado Territory in search of...
A shy maths graduate takes a holiday in Dinard ...
Nick Broomfield and a documentary crew visit Pa...
The God of Cookery, a brilliant chef who sits i...
Serial killer is genetically mutated in car wre...
A policeman from Stockholm come to Norrbotten i...
Tram driver Lauri looses his job. Shortly later...
David Letterman vies with Jay Leno and his mana...
In the opening stages of the Bosnian War, a sma...
In Lyon, where many are unemployed, Marie is a ...
When F.B.I. Agent Zack Grant's partner is kille...
An ex-cons future is threatened by his brother'...
A drug pusher grows increasingly desperate afte...
Robinson Crusoe flees Britain on a ship after k...
Ippe and Papu are two teenagers spending the su...
Harry Griswald is a NYPD cop who is possessed w...
Angel, an exterminator recently released from a...
Emma Woodhouse has a rigid sense of propriety a...
Criminal psychiatrist, Jake Nyman is taking a m...
Jamie is a makeup artist for a local bikini con...
Nineteen-year-old Danny Flynn is imprisoned for...
A down-on-his-luck American Indian recently rel...
Cremaster 5 (55 min, 1997) is a five-act opera ...
His wife held hostage, a stunt driver is forced...
Ray is an aging ex-socialist who has become a b...
Based somewhat more authentically on the Grimm ...
Solomon and Tummler are two teenagers killing t...
Swedish agents Carl Hamilton and Åke Stålhandsk...
A day in the life of a Chicago cab driver is ex...
Two lovers, Nikki and Al, have a scam in which ...
The story is set in the 12th century in Arab-ru...
One hundred mid- and low-level gangsters who ar...
Dr. Fuentes is a medical professor approaching ...
Jimi, a computer game designer, finds that his ...
A psychotic criminal couple kidnaps a random te...
Photographer Charles Castle is numbed with grie...
A postman is mistaken for a dangerous criminal ...
This film is actually two one hour stories, the...
Betty and Victor are a pair of scam artists. On...
A psychological thriller; Mace Sowell, an ex-in...
The story of Robert Flanagan, a man who was bor...
The circle of life continues for Simba, now ful...
A story told from three angles. Max meets Eliza...
Tom Hanks, Imagine Entertainment and HBO presen...
Beowulf is a wanderer who learns about a man-ea...
Narrowly escaping death, outlaw Johnny Madrid (...
A duel between a suspected murderer and a detec...
A film about the making of Citizen Kane. Orson ...
A gang of bank-robbing misfits heads to Mexico ...
Torrente, The Stupid Arm of The Law by Santiago...
Placide's dad tells him on his deathbed he'll h...
The story of a unique young boy genius, Bruno, ...
Two roommates plan to kill a third to take adva...
In order to settle a business dispute, a mob le...
Fact-based story of top fashion model Gia Marie...
Casey has given up drug dealing for a suburban ...
Sofie is an ordinary Norwegian girl. One day sh...
Wavelength consists of almost no action, and wh...
Martial-arts megastar Jackie Chan wrote, direct...
The series is set in the neurosurgical ward of ...
The legendary wizard tells his story of his war...
Rogue Trader tells the true story of Nick Leeso...
We follow the two Texas doctors who invented th...
After a lawyer gets disbared, he goes off to wr...
Bank robber Kelle Grabowski escapes from prison...
When a desperate Mr. Freeze, to save his dying ...
From the director of “Made In America” and “The...
On January 1, 1994, the Zapatista National Libe...
A 19 year old finds himself in debt to a local ...
In a futuristic totalitarian society, people ha...
The Addams Family goes on a search for their re...
Two master thieves go at odds with one another ...
A coming-of-age tale centered around Hannah, a ...
A high-priced call girl, shocked by her mother'...
After a young theology student flees a hit-and-...
Vieuphoria is a long form music video by The Sm...
A schoolboy Nicholas always worries about somet...
Women struggle in a Shanghai brothel where ever...
In the final days of the year 1999, most everyo...
Dariya the maid getting a boy to touch her larg...
                                No overview found.
An outlaw band flees a posse and rides into Ref...
A farmer's wife is seduced into running away fr...
Yuki's family is nearly wiped out before she is...
Häjyt tells a story of two friends who have a h...
Kevin Mitnick is quite possibly the best hacker...
Leo and Louise are a young couple living togeth...
The clash between love and ideology is portraye...
Karate master and anti-drug vigilante Chiba ret...
Paris. 1830. In the heart of the town, Vidocq, ...
The true story of the 19th century Belgian prie...
Hitman Jef Costello is a perfectionist who alwa...
The Candyman returns to try to convince his fem...
A young woman moves into a new apartment that s...
The story of a rock band "Kalle Päätalo" in the...
Joker goes to Metropolis with an offer and plan...
NERV faces a brutal attack from SEELE, but with...
                                               NaN
A search for love, meaning and bathroom solitud...
Anjali is left heartbroken when her best friend...
A documentary about George A. Romero's films, w...
Madam Nadine manages with pride the "Vénus beau...
Cherry Falls is a quiet little town - until the...
After escaping from jail, two teens flee to Tij...
A humourously musical retelling of the Biblical...
Some call it tagging, some call it writing, sti...
Can Daniel follow the sun from Hamburg to the B...
Ten years before her death, Joan hears voices. ...
Drawn from elements of West African folk tales,...
A group of travelers is stranded in a small cou...
The conclusion to The Prophecy Trilogy. Once ag...
A cabdriver and a cop race to Paris to rescue a...
When troubled teen boy Stevie (Cameron Van Hoy)...
General Ivolgin, forester Kuzmich, and good-nat...
A group of film students set out to finish film...
The year 2000 approaches in Jerusalem's Orthodo...
Billy has just scored an entry-level position w...
A small New Mexican village discovers a severed...
                                No overview found.
Viltteri, a balding guy in his thirties living ...
Meeting People Is Easy takes place during the p...
This takes place several years before Cruel Int...
A gas leak explosion at a yakuza hideout provid...
When an 11-year-old girl is brutally raped and ...
 An extremely nice guy falls for a really bad girl
A series of comedic short films guaranteed to o...
A young woman impersonates a shrink to win over...
A seasoned detective is called in to rescue a p...
Richie and Eddie are in charge of the worst hot...
Two girl friends in Myrtle Beach, South Carolin...
The stories of three lesbian couples -- who liv...
The adventures of a young Trumpeter swan who ca...
Two centuries after Snow White and Cinderella h...
It's all extreme sports and a life of freedom a...
Irreverent city engineer Behzad comes to a rura...
The film is based on a German play by Rainer We...
The film is set in the early 20th century Austr...
2046 is the sequel to Wong Kar-Wais’ successful...
Bruiser is the story of a man who has always tr...
Six young adults struggle with their personal d...
The portrait of a man and his attempts to make ...
CREMASTER 2 (1999) is rendered as a gothic West...
Police inspector and excellent hostage negotiat...
Steve liked Celia from the moment they met. But...
Rookie policeman Shing (Louis Koo) grapples wit...
A college professor wakes up to find his wife h...
After a childhood spent going from one abusive ...
The same man lives out several parallel lives i...
The mutilated body of a six year old girl is fo...
Based on true events, the movie tells the story...
After being cruelly set up by a crooked detecti...
Matsu, known to the prisoners as Scorpion, is l...
An adaptation of Herman Melville's short story ...
The makers of this parody of "Night of the Livi...
An old dog has a hard time learning new tricks ...
The past catches up with a ruthlessly ambitious...
The Joker is back with a vengeance, and Gotham'...
'Kurt' claims to be a sales rep. He also claims...
A tragic love story set in contemporary Shangha...
A woman, fired from a financial coorporation du...
Seven years after the death of his wife, compan...
The last day of creation. A stranger arrives in...
In the early 1970s, Cuban trumpeter Arturo Sand...
During the Nazi regime, there was widespread pe...
Devdas is sent away by his father so he can imp...
When a cockroach-spread plague threatened to de...
 A simple funeral turns a man's world upside down.
Paradise Lost 2: Revelations revisits the 1994 ...
Meet the man behind the legend in this true sto...
A documentary film released in 2000 about two A...
Four teenagers at a British private school secr...
A young Englishman is dispatched to Sarawak to ...
A man enters a roadside diner run by a young wo...
In a loose retelling of the Revolutionary Girl ...
A counselor, an expert on depression, and two a...
An investment banker loses everything and must ...
Wah and Kinki both working at the same departme...
A unique re-working of the Arthurian epic, base...
In a small town in Japan, Kirie comes upon her ...
Left behind by a circus, a camel wanders to the...
The last wish of the dying "Monk" is for his fo...
Gerry and Sewell are broke. Gerry's still at sc...
A crime soap opera about a Russian mobster reti...
Orthodox Indian, Raichand, would like his two s...
Episodic study of feelings where six stories in...
This story takes place in a small town on the H...
The Egyptian Queen Cleopatra bets against the R...
Is It Fall Yet? continues the series' running p...
Four friends Sean, Vincent, Lenny and Jody find...
Jews rise up in the Warsaw Ghetto against the N...
In 1961, Roger Maris and Mickey Mantle played f...
Inspired by true events, Olympic swimmer Harry ...
A group of British students embark on summoning...
"The Laramie Project" is set in and around Lara...
A redneck with an uncanny knack for getting arr...
Benkei, a master fighter and killer, vows never...
A drama revolving around characters whose lives...
In the DMZ separating North and South Korea, tw...
A boating accident off the coast of Spain sends...
Tom Ripley - cool, urbane, wealthy, and murdero...
The historical recreation of the 1942 Wannsee C...
Chihiro is raped by three men and it is capture...
Roro and Måns who are best friends, work at the...
Anxious to use artificial life to improve the w...
The lively João Grilo and the sly Chicó are poo...
A fun-filled story about an ordinary guy about ...
Based on the 2000 book of the same name by Emma...
After reuniting with his mother in Ho Chi Minh ...
A teenage girl moves into a remote countryside ...
On November 4, 1970 on The CBS Evening News, Wa...
In Japan, the vampire-hunter Saya, who is a pow...
Tommy is a vacuum cleaner salesman gripped by t...
A woman who has recently discovered that she is...
This moving documentary chronicles the last yea...
Berlin is in Germany is a tragic comedy in whic...
U.S Marshal Mike Donovan has dark memories of t...
A young boy gets jolted with electricity as he'...
'The Nugget' looks at how instant wealth sudden...
Three ancient guardian beasts awaken to protect...
Shackleton's Antarctic Adventure is a giant-scr...
           A weary town faces a long, dark winter.
Set in 1960's Sydney, this is the story of an A...
A librarian begins a passionate affair with a m...
Five young people apply to live in an isolated ...
The plot follows Art Chew's (a pun of the sound...
A team of astronauts on the first mission to Ma...
Taipei. A voice off-camera looks back ten years...
This is the story of a marketing man and his sh...
Rachel is a criminology student hoping to land ...
An FBI Agent pairs with a troubled Taiwan cop t...
An emotionally immature underwater photographer...
An ageless Demon Warrior is magically impregnat...
Ali G unwittingly becomes a pawn in the evil Ch...
Paranoia sets in as the Black Death strikes Eur...
Two contract killers cross paths in the middle ...
The sequel to the low budget first film ‘Cube.’...
Having lived his entire life under the watchful...
As one of Suzuki's last fims, it is related to ...
Isabel and Clara are growing up in a time of te...
A crook quietly plots his revenge against the b...
After one of their friends commits suicide, str...
In the Philadelphia police department, Emmett Y...
Fact-based war drama about an American battalio...
Using almost no dialogue, the film follows a nu...
Carolina is a 2003 romantic comedy film directe...
The story of three women who live in a North Ca...
In a suburb of Vienna during some hot summer da...
During the Cultural Revolution, two young men a...
Three inseparable childhood friends are just ou...
Based on a series of true stories posted by Ho-...
Cassie Grant (Christina Ricci) is a young girl ...
AND YOU'RE TO BLAME! Honey, you give love a bad...
The Victoriastadium is totally destroyed in a b...
In feudal India, a warrior (Khan) who renounces...
Eunjin who is a living legend among the gangste...
The film tells the story of two good friends wh...
A politician's wife and the mortician who has s...
In a Japanese school, 5 adolescent geeks join t...
In the near future, a virus has infected everyo...
Set in a post apocalyptic Yokohama where the po...
A look at the "Hell House" performed annually i...
Terry and Dean are lifelong friends who have gr...
The Katakuri family has just opened their guest...
A director struggles with a difficult sex scene...
Placid Lake has always been different. As an od...
In this imaginative independent drama, Angela (...
"Sofia introduces her three adult daughters to ...
Christmas Eve. On his way to his in-laws with h...
A young boy trying to deal with his mother's he...
This is the story of Ryu, a deaf man, and his s...
The first testament says "an eye for an eye." -...
The Emperor (Chang Chen) is desperate for the f...
This story is about a freelance agent (Seagal) ...
Jobless and insecure to the point where he can'...
When 54 high school girls throw themselves in f...
Johan Falk hasn't been working for over a year ...
New York City in the year 2095 where geneticall...
A man is reluctant to tell his fiancee that his...
When a hunter sent back to the prehistoric era ...
Timon the meerkat and Pumbaa the warthog are be...
Amélie, a young Belgian woman, having spent her...
A group of CNN reporters wrestle with journalis...
Growing up together. All emotions pass the revu...
Oasis is a love story of two young people aband...
CREMASTER 3 (2002) is set in New York City and ...
In October 1989, the part of the West Berlin bo...
Twin Sisters is an epic love story based on the...
Emily Delahunty (Maggie Smith) is an eccentric ...
Katri and Janne want to make a trip, which none...
An unsuspecting university professor is an unwi...
The story bases on four Finnish brothers, nickn...
The story of a normal Italian family in which c...
The true story of Soldier’s Girl, which takes p...
Set in the 1890s, Tipping the Velvet tells the ...
in the 1930’s a social set known to the press –...
To Chinese restaurant delivery boy 'Ju', the on...
Government agents find evidence of extraterrest...
The twisted tale of Kenneth, socially insecure ...
Straight from the creators of the groundbreakin...
Bud Clay races motorcycles in the 250cc Formula...
A teacher visits the house of one of his studen...
On his request, the sensitive sister of a real ...
In rural Sweden of the early 1950s, little Elin...
Tells the seemingly random yet vitally connecte...
Tenshu is imprisoned and sentenced to death for...
In a mansion decimated during World War II, a f...
This prequel of the bone-chilling Tremors begin...
David Wiseman is eleven years old and mad about...
When new students can't get onto their college ...
Jean Reno, Benoit Magimel and Christopher Lee (...
In 1914, the Mexican revolutionary Pancho Villa...
A real-time dark comedy about a science geek wh...
Defiant young activists take the women's suffra...
Stockholm, the fifties. Though academically bri...
Sergeant Thomas Beckett (Berenger) is back - an...
Based on the true story of the rise and fall of...
It's three years after the events of the origin...
A man must survive a prison where hardened crim...
Three wealthy children's parents are killed in ...
A mysterious woman, known as Madame M, kidnaps ...
Director John Dullaghan’s biographical document...
The Green Butchers (Danish: De grønne slagtere)...
When their bootlegging father ends up in jail, ...
An experimental documentary exploring the turn-...
30-something Jonna, successful executive with c...
In 1919, Mathilde was 19 years old. Two years e...
An obsessive-compulsive Japanese librarian livi...
On March 12, 1956, Basque Nationalist Jesús de ...
Head On is German director Fatih Akin’s story o...
Groundbreaking director Mamoru Oshii continues ...
Naina is a very serious girl with a very seriou...
Haru, a schoolgirl bored by her ordinary routin...
An American reporter and an Afrikaans poet meet...
The deranged military and former CIA agent Dean...
One winter night, Pilar runs away from home. Wi...
The Cathedral (Polish: Katedra) is a 2002 short...
Two Chinese miners, who make money by killing f...
Seibei Iguchi leads a difficult life as a low r...
An evil Duke attempts to kill and collect the b...
After the death of his mother, a man tries to d...
Overburdened and stuck in a greying marriage, G...
Brigitte has escaped the confines of Bailey Dow...
Writer Ben Mears returns to his childhood home ...
The crew of the TV show "Real TV" with controll...
Kevin, Sam and Rob have an unusual hobby: plann...
Jake and Sunti go to meet Mongkol, the leader o...
A look at 1970s Hollywood when it was known as ...
                                               NaN
Kanichiro Yoshimura is a Samurai and Family man...
A host of real-life celebrities - including Hug...
Nozomi and Lana share an apartment in Tokyo. Th...
Awaking from a coma to discover his wife has be...
Because she picked the wrong door, Anna ends up...
A woman stuck in a stale marriage struggles to ...
A meditation on civilization. July, 2001: frien...
A mysterious and vengeful spirit marks and purs...
With no clue how he came to be imprisoned, drug...
A cross-country trip turns out to be a nightmar...
Laura Kove is an agoraphobic young woman whose ...
Set in 19th Century Canada, Brigette and her si...
MOON CHILD follows a group of childhood friends...
Christmas 1945. In a train from Stockholm to Be...
Anna lives with her father Karl someplace in th...
In Buenos Aires, the twenty and something year ...
People mysteriously start receiving voicemail m...
A small group of friends experience relationshi...
With their most formidable foe vanquished, Inuy...
A military veteran goes on a journey into the f...
Two boys, still grieving the death of their mot...
In Depression-era Winnipeg, a legless beer baro...
In the sequel to Paul Verhoeven's loved/reviled...
André, 19, lives in Porto Alegre, Brazil, and w...
While driving, the pregnant horror-movie actres...
Mackenzie Crook and Johnny Vegas star as the bi...
A sci-fi anime House-musical movie collaboratio...
When the head of a statue sacred to a village i...
In this prequel to Mou gaan dou (2002), Chan Wi...
The Sea Inside is about Spaniard Ramón Sampedro...
Before Amy Myer's mother died when Amy was 7, s...
Mexican immigrant and single mother Flor Moreno...
Kristoffer is a billboard hanger, 24 years old ...
The filmed account of a large Canadian rock fes...
Set in 1940's France, a new teacher at a school...
Five American soldiers fighting in Europe durin...
16 year-old Bea is in her first year at upper s...
When a Mongolian nomadic family's newest camel ...
After Silvia Broome, an interpreter at United N...
Two divers are left out at sea without a boat. ...
A terror is stalking the land: people are disap...
A monk turned body-builder, with the gift to se...
A gay Canadian living in London has his perfect...
Infernal Affairs III is a 2003 Hong Kong crime ...
Vincke and Verstuyft are one of the best detect...
A documentary on a stereotypically shady used c...
The story of golf icon and legend, Bobby Jones,...
When a seemingly straight-forward drug deal goe...
The discovery of a corpse threatens to unravel ...
A story of two Russian boys whose father sudden...
Documentary on Jean Dominique, Haitian radio pe...
When an Amacor oil rig in the Gobi Desert of Mo...
Teenagers living in small-town Oregon take a bo...
Rachel Keller must prevent evil Samara from tak...
One morning, California wakes up to find that o...
A word for word depiction of the life of Jesus ...
Santiago, capital of Chile during the Marxist g...
Since the late 18th century American legal deci...
Garry Kasparov is possibly the greatest chess p...
Rei is a freelance writer embattled by personal...
A comic, biting and revelatory documentary foll...
A young man upsets his Punjabi family when he f...
Corrupt cops, street gangs, "Bratki" in "Bummer...
A musical romantic tragedy about a famous compo...
A mysterious woman frequents tea shops and othe...
Lost Boys of Sudan is a feature-length document...
Fired from his job, a former executive turns to...
In war-torn Japan, the Tokugawa Shogun, despera...
Paul (Macfadyen), a prize-winning war journalis...
The Football Factory is more than just a study ...
In 1950, in South Korea, shoe-shiner Jin-tae Le...
A dramatization of the relationship between hea...
Some Kind of Monster is a music documentary abo...
Nick (Jacot), whose life seemed to be going per...
Redemption tells the story of Stan "Tookie" Wil...
Schultze is an accordion player and newly witho...
The academy award winning documentary depicting...
A documentary on the once promising American ro...
A comic drama about a time in the near future w...
Riding Giants is story about big wave surfers w...
An emo grocery bagger living with his divorced ...
The classic board game, Scrabble, has been popu...
Two guys at a college prep school make wagers o...
Feeling undervalued by her boyfriend, a young w...
Eighteen years after the murder of her parents,...
A pseudo documentary study of an archetypal Ger...
Amanda (Marlee Maitlin) is a divorced woman who...
Pregnant Joey (Shu Qi) teeters on the brink of ...
An undercover cop in a not-too-distant future b...
Fifty years of war between the Great Eastern Fe...
When police officer Kyungjin met with Myungwoo ...
You Can't Be Neutral documents the life and tim...
This film examines how media empires, led by Ru...
This documentary places the Bush Administration...
A documentary which refutes and debunks 'facts'...
Taped for HBO in August 1998, on the final date...
Christmas Eve in New York, and the lonely divor...
At the height of Hitler's infamous U-boat war, ...
A poor girl, a rich stud, a university student ...
The career of Shakespeare's Sir John Falstaff a...
Despondent over a painful estrangement from his...
A tough cop meets his match when he has to guar...
World War II drama where the action centers aro...
The tragic story of Vincent van Gogh broadened ...
Dave Hirsch, a writer and army veteran, returns...
Minami mistakenly kills a gangster associate of...
Goodbye, Dragon Inn is set in the approximately...
Inspired by true events, this film takes place ...
One of the great masterpieces of world literatu...
The adventures of an upper-class suburban famil...
Sailor Ted meets and falls in love with Nora Pa...
A stodgy young man gets caught up in his free-l...
Inspector Sylvester is assigned to investigate ...
A shady police detective becomes embroiled in a...
A young boy wins a tour through the most magnif...
An insurance salesman's humdrum existence takes...
In Victorian England, a fortune now depends on ...
A young man, whose only possession is a motorcy...
A scientist discovers a formula that makes a ba...
Wes Anderson’s incisive quirky comedy build up ...
A biopic depicting the life of filmmaker and av...
Deformed since birth, a bitter man known only a...
Based on the life and career of legendary enter...
A paedophile returns to his hometown after 12 y...
Dan Foreman is a seasoned advertisement sales e...
Hard-to-crack ex-CIA man, Jack Byrnes and his w...
It’s 1974 and Sam Bicke has lost everything. Hi...
A headstrong young woman returns to New Orleans...
In 16th century Venice, when a merchant must de...
In Taiwan a young man with a mysterious paralys...
Defying his parents, disaffected youth Hsiao Ka...
The unhistorical adventures of pirate Captain K...
Two bumbling service station attendants are lef...
Momoko is an ordinary girl, living an ordinary ...
An obese boy named Fat Albert and his friends R...
Meeting his handicapped son for the first time,...
In the Realms of the Unreal is a documentary ab...
An architect's desire to speak with his wife fr...
A young detective goes undercover at an elite p...
After her husband runs off with his secretary, ...
Anthony ‘Blest’ (Mark Webber) is one of the mos...
Director Charles Marquis Warren's 1953 western ...
Released in 1977 and directed by Jerry Garcia, ...
A marshal tries to bring the son of an old frie...
The Leiningen South American cocoa plantation i...
A documentary team gets a grant to do a film on...
The wife's affair and a death in the family has...
Director Paul Mazursky (Scenes From a Mall) tak...
The mysterious death of an enigmatic young man ...
Sorrowful Jones is a cheap bookie in 1930's. Wh...
Big Steve Halloway, gambler and proprietor of N...
Michael has written a schollarly book on the re...
Sylvie is a hooker whose illegitimate daughter ...
A documentary about Orson Welles's unfinished t...
Count de Chagnie has discovered Christine's sin...
The ups and downs of a Norwegian immigrant fami...
A serial killer uses a horror video rental to l...
Nuclear war in the United States is portrayed i...
Based on the short story, "Where Are You Going,...
A troubled Vietnam war vet deserts his wife and...
Two brothers attending Oxford enlist with the R...
Bickering siblings are reunited at their Texas ...
Harold, a professional gambler, and his girlfri...
A comedy about an angry married couple, a priva...
Starring Jurgen Prochnow ('The Replacement Kill...
In this thriller, television reporter Kate Ryan...
The 8th Godzilla film is aimed at an even young...
A sleazy but affable guard dog trainer is black...
In the teeming black markets of postwar Japan, ...
Ingo Hasselbach, whose parents were Communist P...
The life and career of Andre Stander, a South A...
Steven Keats plays a Russian emigre who prides ...
In Philadelphia, a small-time bookie who stole ...
Mr Graham, a travelling salesman, is married to...
At the outbreak of the Spanish Civil War, the n...
Matt Travis is good-looking, popular, and his s...
Alvin York a hillbilly sharpshooter transforms ...
After hiding his loot and getting thrown in jai...
In the brutal trench fighting of the First Worl...
Madame Rosa lives in a sixth-floor walkup in th...
It is a bitter story about a middle-aged man, w...
An ambiguous battle between good and evil wages...
A group of rogues steal a scroll granting its b...
Gentle Colin 'Col' Lawes happily lead a quiet l...
Boxer Tommy Nelson is accused of killing his ma...
Lester and Orville accidentally launch a rocket...
Lost Caverns Hotel bellhop Freddie Phillips is ...
The professional and personal life of actor and...
A sheriff (Thornton) begins an investigation in...
In a utopian society created at the end of the ...
The first of what Luis Buñuel later proclaimed ...
Pippi in the South Seas (original title is Pipp...
Fed up with their strict parents, Tommy and Ann...
A student falls in love with a fellow student w...
It's a quiet little town where nothing happens ...
Elektra the warrior survives a near-death exper...
Shattered illusions are hard to repair -- espec...
Based on a true story, in which Richmond High S...
The lives of a close-knit group of brothers gro...
An anthropologist is brought to an arctic base ...
A top-secret Soviet spy satellite -- using stol...
                                               NaN
Against all odds Father Flanagan starts "Boys' ...
Set in 1973 Spain, a struggling encyclopedia sa...
Zhou Yu, a ceramic artisan in China's rural Nor...
The residents of a suburban high-rise apartment...
A Star Is Born is a 1976 rock music film tellin...
Mark Singer returns as Dar, the warrior who can...
Romance strikes when a vacationing millionaires...
The widow Rosaria moves to Milano from Lucania ...
Ex-soldier storms supermarket and takes all cas...
The Roth family leads a quiet life in a small v...
A radio correspondent tries to rescue a burlesq...
A story told quietly of Vincent a welder at a l...
An office clerk loves entering contests in the ...
A comedy from the golden age of Hollywood, base...
Five members of a teen-age gang, including lead...
A phony faith healer falls for a blind man and ...
When a woman shelters a group of girls from suf...
"Slice of life" take on life of international p...
1986 Gyunggi Province. The body of a young woma...
Jack Hammond is sentenced to life in prison, bu...
Henry Hobson owns and tyrannically runs a succe...
Scientist Doctor Who accidentally activates his...
Tobi and Achim, the pride of the local crew clu...
In April of 1945, Germany stands at the brink o...
Lukas, a young schizophrenic man, has to deal w...
On New Year's Eve, inside a police station that...
The fledgling romance between Nick, a playboy b...
Edward Carnby is a private investigator special...
David Callaway tries to piece together his life...
James Cameron teams up with NASA scientists to ...
Every culture has one – the horrible monster fu...
With the wedding of her younger sister fast app...
Michael is a 24-year-old who has cerebral palsy...
In Tokyo, the reckless single mother Keiko move...
"Employee of the Month" is about a guy whose da...
Radio psychologist Jack Black takes his childre...
A black champion boxer and his white female com...
When Watson reads from the newspaper there have...
A man is forced to confront his past after he l...
The Professionals is a 1966 American Western fi...
The wealthiest man in the world, John P. Merric...
Alice follows a white rabbit down a rabbit-hole...
The closing of a local restaurant concerns a nu...
A woman is released from prison and heads home ...
Vampires are invading a small New England town....
The Marriage of Maria Braun is a collage of the...
Petra von Kant is a successful fashion designer...
Academy Award winners Gary Cooper and Ray Milla...
France, 1648: Richelieu and Louis XIII are dead...
Alternately hilarious and horrifying, Overnight...
An imprisoned man, awaiting trial for the attem...
This film shows the disaster of the Kuwaitian o...
Footage shot in and around the Sahara Desert, a...
Set 15 years in the future in post-earthquake C...
A Mysterious Alien Creature (MAC) escaping from...
Bayou La Teche, Louisiana sizzles as the Cajun ...
When Ruth's husband dies in New York, in 2000, ...
The year is 1898. A beautiful woman named Marie...
An aging, world-weary gangster is double-crosse...
Thornton Wilder's tale of a matchmaker who desi...
A small-town eccentric opens a café in her deca...
India, 1825: the country lives in mortal fear o...
Goof and Hugo are flatmates in Amsterdam who ha...
Ding Hui is a member of Purple Butterfly, a pow...
Quirky Jamie Harris (Marguerite Moreau) has a b...
Epic film of the legendary Spanish hero, Rodrig...
Korean War--era veterans and ex-classmates "Gun...
Ryoko Itakura is a government tax agent who has...
In 1944, in the Belgian - German border, seven ...
A womanizing poet falls into the hands of a psy...
Clipper ships taking the shortest route between...
There are breakpoints in the history, the resul...
Featuring never-before-seen film footage of Ado...
A spoiled and alcoholic millionaire, Robert Rya...
When Sophie, a shy young woman, is cursed with ...
After receiving a package from his Grandfather,...
When Ah Bu, a girl from a small fishing town in...
A young man adopted by a renowned swordsmith, d...
"Assisted Living" chronicles a day in the life ...
Looks like an alien, sings like a diva - Klaus ...
Dating coach Alex 'Hitch' Hitchens mentors a bu...
Who or what exactly is a Heffalump? The lovable...
In 1972, a seemingly typical shoestring budget ...
A distant, slightly dysfunctional family is bro...
A Bollywood update of Jane Austen's classic tal...
John Constantine has literally been to Hell and...
Tim Avery, an aspiring cartoonist, finds himsel...
A girl, abandoned by her mother when she was th...
Turtles can fly tells the story of a group of y...
Based on the true life story of a Thai who wish...
Hollywood comedian/actor Pauly Shore loses ever...
A woman reports that her young daughter is miss...
Jeremy Jones is learning cello at an arts schoo...
Gus is a fat cartoonist that recently won a bat...
American tour guide Mo Alexander misses her tou...
A small-time grifter and nightclub tout takes a...
When a schoolteacher is sacked, he projects his...
Kati and Steffi have been best friends since th...
A homeless woman named Hannah drifts into the l...
Among normal humans live the "Others" possessin...
Young lovers in London are wrapped up in a love...
In this emotionally compelling documentary, Sis...
McElwee family legend has it that the Hollywood...
Topper is once again tormented by a fun-loving ...
Stan and Ollie deceive their wives into thinkin...
The Foreign Legion marches in to Mogador with b...
Swedish documentary film on consumerism and glo...
Texas Ranger Roland Sharp is assigned to protec...
The classic story of Samson and Delilah as told...
Set in Canton, China in the 1940s, the story re...
In dreamlike mountain scenery, Toshiko makes a ...
On his 83rd birthday, Eddie (Voight), a war vet...
Young Jason Stillwell (Kurt McKinney) moves wit...
A janitor at an alien night-club gets his wish ...
A young government official, named Dondup, who ...
A nurse and her surgeon-lover are part of a res...
Young John McGowan travels to Scotland to live ...
In 1957, Evan Rendell flees after his father is...
Schoolteacher Lilly Moffat is dismayed by condi...
Concerned about his friend's cocaine use, Dr. W...
The young D'Artagnan arrives in Paris with drea...
Cowardly rogue Harry Flashman's (Malcolm McDowe...
The film stars French New Wave icon Jean-Pierre...
Otto Preminger's classic film noir offering cap...
A disgraced officer risks his life to help his ...
A man gets trapped inside a telephone box and n...
American professor John Holden arrives in Londo...
A tale about a strange young man, Bulcsú, his f...
Akbar has just turned eighteen. He has been hel...
As young French couple Gilles and Marion offici...
A student will do anything to become part of th...
Bed and Board depicts Christine and Antoine hav...
The final film in Rossellini's war film trilogy...
In the thirteenth century, the region around th...
Roger Santet is a convicted murderer sprung fro...
A Parisian tailor finds himself posing as a bar...
In a decript apartment, a young man watches as ...
After being dumped by his girlfriend, a man stu...
Charles McCarter and his wife Helen are about t...
A werewolf loose in Los Angeles changes the liv...
Milan and Goran are two criminals who smuggle i...
Four actors compete for the role of Jesus - a b...
Disgraced Navy SEAL Shane Wolfe is handed a new...
Disenchanted with the movie industry, Chili Pal...
American soldiers of the 2/3 Field Artillery, a...
Eyal, an Israeli Mossad agent, is given the mis...
When a mafia accountant is taken hostage on his...
Rodney Copperbottom is a young robot inventor w...
It's tough beat for San Francisco police lieute...
In this story of a black policeman during South...
Liberal activist lawyer Jedediah alienated daug...
Rich old Cyrus West's relatives are waiting for...
In this version of "Heidi," a young Swiss girl ...
Sibling drama overshadows the impending nuptial...
The 7th film in the Godzilla series. After bein...
The United Nations assembles the ultimate weapo...
It started as a friendly meeting between 4 old ...
On the way to interview a novelist, Lane and Ch...
DNA is a 1997 American science fiction action f...
John came to Hollywood to get that one big brea...
A woman and three men. Nina, who's come to Pari...
George Burns is back as God, but oops, here he ...
Director Robert K. Weiss gives a good accountin...
Three young and desperate inhabitants of Madrid...
God decides to take a vacation, but first He ha...
Story of the 1974 coup that overthrew the right...
Blackball follows the fortunes of Cliff Starkey...
Charlton Heston stars as Renaissance artist Mic...
More hubub in the little town full of secrets w...
A "prequel" of sorts to "Butch Cassidy and the ...
Jane Osgood runs a lobster business, which supp...
A young mouse, mole and hedgehog risk their liv...
Given the chance to live in a simulated underwa...
Dean Martin and Shirley MacLaine star in this s...
Oscar Jaffe is a successful Broadway director, ...
Ruth and her beautiful sister Eileen come to Ne...
A suburban architect loves his wife but is bore...
Or shoulders a lot: she's 17 or 18, a student, ...
A suspense thriller about a reporter from Miami...
In a story fueled by rhythm and blues, a young ...
Col. Mike Kirby picks two teams of crack Green ...
The feature-film debut of famed director Louis ...
Celestine, the chamber-maid, has a new job in t...
Detective Azuma is a Dirty-Harry style rogue co...
Four stories, all related to fatherhood, are pr...
Based on the real-life relationship between tea...
A young woman, muted after a sexual assault as ...
Cube Zero is the third film in the trilogy yet ...
After the assassination of Tokyo's Governor by ...
Documentary about the lifelong project of Troy ...
A Finnish live action adaptation of Hans Christ...
At the behest of an old and dear friend, playwr...
A traumatized young man abducts Korean leaders,...
Two bumbling scrap metal thieves - father and s...
Set in an anonymous Japanese metropolis, the fi...
In the wake of Pearl Harbor, a young lieutenant...
Vares, a film noir comedy from Finland, is yet ...
Rich kid Danny Churchill has a taste for wine, ...
In London at the turn of the century, the bandi...
Two feuding brothers and their respective Ceili...
With the help of her coach, her parents, and th...
While dining out with friends, Sy suggests the ...
Over one night in New York City, lives of dispa...
After her triumph at the Miss United States pag...
The fiancé of an African-American woman who's m...
The star of a team of teenage crime fighters fa...
Filmmaker Christopher Browne documents the miss...
The German film director Werner Herzog sets out...
Based on the novel by Rumer Godden, Jean Renoir...
A teenage girl, trying to come to grips with th...
During WWII, the United States set up army base...
Sylvester Stallone is fighting the odds again, ...
Post-war provincial Iceland: around 1950, Freyj...
Still Breathing and theft in a financial, Josep...
An adaptation of Bishop T.D. Jakes' self-help n...
Based on Sinclair Lewis's novel "Arrowsmith". A...
Mary Rutledge arrives from the east, finds her ...
Working-class Stella Martin marries high-end St...
Following the death of Manu (Resetarits) in a c...
Chris Hunter kills an intruder and tells her hu...
An ambitious lumberjack abandons his saloon gir...
One night in the New Orleans slums, vicious hoo...
In 1932, a cop is killed and Frank Wiecek sente...
At a boarding school in the pre-war Austro-Hung...
Based on the successful 1956 Broadway productio...
An Irishman, Finian, and his daughter Sharon, a...
No one is safe when a killer, wielding the dead...
Through his unconscionable actions against othe...
The life of a man who preys on unsuspecting wom...
Julián Torralba is a former movie stuntman in A...
Five vacationers and two crewmen become strande...
A restaurant employee wanted for murder contrac...
Two men face the consequences of gambling after...
An evil scientist implants the brain of Michael...
On the mean streets of New York City, a dog-eat...
Michael Corben, along with the rest of his high...
Michael J. Fox stars with Kirk Douglas and Nanc...
While rehearing Carmen of Bizet, the middle-age...
The Yamadas are a typical middle class Japanese...
The Raccoons of the Tama Hills are being forced...
Two young men, Martin and Rudi, both suffering ...
This gritty inner-city film by John Sayles foll...
Three convicts escape from prison on Devil's Is...
The son of a working-class British mining famil...
This series tells the story of the world's fast...
In this comedy of an Englishman stranded in a s...
An offbeat, episodic film about three friends, ...
Filmmaker Michael Gramaglia's years-in-the-maki...
When exchanging letters two women discover new ...
Two cops, R and Noma, hunt down renegade cyborg...
In Northern England in the early 1960s, Frank M...
Ming dynasty noblewoman Yang must escape from t...
William Walker and his mercenary corps enter Ni...
In the fifth century, constant civil war scars ...
When an injured wife murderer takes refuge on a...
In France of the late 19th century, the wife of...
Every Friday, the Colonel puts on his only suit...
"Speedy" loses his job as a soda-jerk, then spe...
In this anime trilogy, a salvage ship crew happ...
In the 6th Godzilla movie, mysterious aliens fr...
Harvie Krumpet is the biography of an ordinary ...
When a scholar, is haunted by an overwhelming d...
A homeless musician finds meaning to his life w...
Jack Slavin is an environmentalist with a heart...
Welcome to Sin City. This town beckons to the t...
You thought you'd heard it all in the barbersho...
This is the story of human beings who know exac...
An action-adventure documentary chronicling the...
Scouring the ocean depths for treasure-laden sh...
When relaxed and charming Ben Wrightman meets w...
A widower confronts his older son's decision to...
Introduced to a volunteer opportunity with the ...
Buck (Gary Busey) is a Vietnam vet, recently re...
A musical drawing room farce set in Paris in Oc...
A team of maritime salvage workers are about to...
After a big-time country singer brags that she ...
A short Arizona motorcycle cop gets his wish an...
Bring On The Night is a 1985 documentary film, ...
The film is set during the late 1930s: the occa...
In a Nazi-occupied French town, meek and mild-m...
Dae-Ho is an unproductive bank clerk who is lat...
This animated short film tells the story of a s...
                                No overview found.
National Lampoon's Gold Diggers is a black come...
Left for dead in the remote Southwest, Frank is...
An isolated sculptor is visited by his three so...
A tribute to the U.S. 442nd Regimental Combat T...
The accidental unearthing of Satan’s earthly re...
Based on a novel by Peter De Vries. Story of an...
A woman encounters thugs and drug dealers after...
Three people live in a remote Buddhist monaster...
Against a plain, unchanging blue screen, a dens...
A coming of age story centering on the exploits...
The professional mercenary Sir William Walker i...
In the winter of 1944, the Allied Armies stand ...
The inmates and guards of a modern, clean and e...
Quiet, withdrawn 13-year-old Rynn Jacobs lives ...
The final part of Pasolini's Trilogy of Life se...
An elderly artist thinks he has become too stal...
In pre-war Italy, a young couple have a baby bo...
Taking place thirty years before the events of ...
A Danish officer, Michael (Thomsen), is sent aw...
Like every year, everyone is going back to the ...
A young and idealistic woman, who has adopted t...
In the bourgeois circles of Europe after the Gr...
Abner Hale, a rigid and humorless New England m...
In a California high school, a married teacher ...
Robert works for a travel agency and helps to a...
Amid the modern wastelands and toxic factories ...
This fast-paced black comedy by wunderkind dire...
A sensitive girl is sent to an all-girls boardi...
Thymiane Henning, an innocent young girl, is ra...
Two scientists are chosen as guinea pigs for a ...
After a failed bank robbery, two heavily armed ...
Orson Welles' unique take on Shakespeare's clas...
A beautiful Argentine activist receives prefere...
Young Vincent Malloy dreams of being just like ...
On the eve of World War II, a British officer r...
Winner of a Best Documentary Academy Award, Mar...
From 1940 to 1944, France's Vichy government co...
Three teenage girls decide to visit a romantic ...
In WITH SIX YOU GET EGGROLL, Abby McClure, a wi...
Three years into their loving marriage, with tw...
Story of torch singer Ruth Etting's rise from 1...
Jour de fête tells the story of an inept and ea...
The Marx brothers run havoc in a department sto...
Frau Kusters is preparing dinner late one seemi...
Poetic journey through the shards and shadows o...
A Trip to The Moon is a science fiction film fr...
When his long-lost brother resurfaces, Jacobo, ...
Two Soviet partisans leave their starving band ...
Carrie White is a lonely and painfully shy teen...
Four directors tell tales of Eros fit for a 197...
When the body of a man is found completely dest...
An adopted Ohio high school senior discovers he...
Lee Ray Oliver, a death row inmate, is given a ...
Three tornadoes converge to wreak havoc on Chic...
A graduate student preparing his thesis on myth...
Set in France at the end of World War II Albert...
Just north of London live Wendy, Andy, and thei...
In the border town of San Pablo, preparing for ...
The true story of a part aboriginal man who fin...
Set in Osaka in the 18th century, the film cent...
A family of four lives off of scams in which th...
In 1950s England, slow-witted Derek Bentley fal...
Burial of a Christian political activist in a M...
At the end of WWII, Japanese doctor Akagi searc...
The story of the aftermath of the Hiroshima bom...
Steve is a man who has it all, a successful car...
After losing her husband to a heroin overdose, ...
An absurd comedy about a Parking Enforcement Of...
The political career of Woodrow Wilson is chron...
Edna marries Texan Sam Gladney, operator of a w...
Mere seconds before the Earth is to be demolish...
Starting a new job as a political journalist at...
A hedonistic bachelor, falls for an escaped men...
A nightclub singer seeks refuge with gay nuns o...
Jackie Chan stars as the young warrior Hsu Yiu ...
A classical art professor and collector, who do...
Mike Hamilton, a Philadelphia lawyer, comes to ...
Quincy Drew (Garner) and Jason O'Rourke (Gosset...
             A documentary about fraud and fakery.
Marty is a 19 year old pioneer woman, recently ...
A family is terrorized by demonic forces after ...
Mutant Aliens is a wildly humorous yet poignant...
Alix is taken in by a photographer, Digna, who ...
This is the story of the senior-level preparati...
In seventeenth century England Lord Whitman wag...
A mystery woman is a murder suspect's only alib...
An embittered veteran tracks down a POW camp in...
Fleur is the blue angel in one of Hong Kong's "...
Once upon a time an old woman discovers a baby ...
In 1942, Friedrich Weimer's boxing skills get h...
Rabbi Avram arrives in Philadelphia from Poland...
During a dark time in the Heian period, when ev...
Three gangsters vie for control of the streets ...
The Year of the Yao is a documentary film telli...
An American artist living a bohemian existence ...
Aviva is thirteen, awkward and sensitive. Her m...
A local Pinewood Derby competition transforms a...
                                               NaN
On a flight from Los Angeles to New York, Olive...
Hoping to foil his own gold-digging wife's plan...
Based on a true story, this film tells the tale...
In 1971, air-conditioner repairman and boat ent...
A documentary about the Enron corporation, its ...
Ice Cube stars as Darius Stone, a thrill-seekin...
A story which centers around Dave Katz, a journ...
After his wife dies, a blacksmith named Balian ...
A group of unwitting teens are stranded near a ...
Los Angeles citizens with vastly separate lives...
"La La Wood" follows the legacy of Jiminy Glick...
A teenage hustler and a young man obsessed with...
1956: The shy Jonathan's luck with girls change...
Jubal Troop is a cowboy who is found in a weake...
Traveling players invent the strip tease while ...
Miranda, a sex addict, works for a radio statio...
Zatoichi is a blind massage therapist and sword...
A young factory worker stands alone against a p...
A biography of the dancer Isadora Duncan, the 1...
A beautiful singer and a battling priest try to...
In the peaceful countryside, Vassily opposes th...
Francisco is rich, rather strict on principles,...
Cashier Maurice Legrand is married to Adele, a ...
While Erendira, a beautiful teenage girl, has a...
This period drama frames the tumultuous affair ...
In post war Germany, a dislocated and orphaned ...
In a small, dilapidated village in 1990s Hungar...
Young Pud is orphaned and left in the care of h...
A spell of time in the life of a family living ...
A young, English working-class boy spends his f...
Homer Macauley remains in a small town looking ...
In a far-future time ruled by the supernatural,...
A commitment-averse man frantically hits the da...
French drama, the debut film from writer-direct...
During the Florida land boom, the Marx Brothers...
A group of German boys are ordered to protect a...
In the Time of the Butterflies is inspired by t...
A night club owner becomes infatuated with a to...
Aboard a ship early in the 20th-century, a midd...
A 12-year-old Jewish boy hides with a family of...
Shinji and Masaru spend most of their school da...
Equal parts punk and psychedelia, the Flaming L...
An 11-year-old girl watches her father come dow...
A Freudian comedy set in Barcelona, 1913, that ...
A psychologist, an Englishman, a bellboy and a ...
Montevideo, Saturday, 7 in the morning. El Lech...
The Hiding Place is an account of a Dutch famil...
A young priest, Father Chisholm is sent to Chin...
Film based on a true story dating back to 1985 ...
The Little Tramp escapes from prison; saves a g...
When dwindling membership and increasing overhe...
The movie portrays the story of an Italian fami...
In a blue-collar American town, a group of teen...
A writer named Adrian Messenger believes a seri...
After discovering a hole in their crowded cell,...
This documentary examines how Los Angeles has b...
Raised as a slave, Danny is used to fighting fo...
Jota is about to commit suicide. As he fighting...
An emotionally distant father attempts to recon...
Giacinto lives with his wife, their ten childre...
The story of an imaginative boy who pretends he...
Scrooge McDuck, his dimwitted pilot Launch Pad,...
Mickey Moran, son of two vaudeville veterans, d...
Yeo-jin and Jae-yeong are two teenage girls who...
Years after the onset of the Clone Wars, the no...
Phil Weston has been unathletic his entire life...
Office temp Charlotte Cantilini thinks she's fo...
In real life, mystery writer Agatha Christie di...
After years of questioning why people fear him,...
Hamo, a handsome 60-year old man, lives alone i...
Deep Blue is a major documentary feature film s...
A sexy model volunteers to be a test subject fo...
A bush pilot in nothern Canada who with the aid...
A married Sicilian baron falls in love with his...
Dr. Tony Flagg's friend, Steven, has problems i...
This very strange movie shows the sort of thing...
A young Chinese Security Officer, Darren, is ca...
To inherit a million dollars, an egotistical ma...
Matt, a young glaciologist, soars across the va...
A brother and sister move into an old seaside h...
A criminal who runs a brothel becomes obsessed ...
When Camiel, a gay dentist, and Simon, a carefr...
"Docudrama" about the bombing of Pearl Harbor o...
Japan has just invaded the Phillipines and the ...
Zoo animals leave the comforts of man-made habi...
Australian teenager Heidi is left with little c...
A small time diamond merchant jumps at the chan...
Mitchell Goosen is sixteen/seventeen year old k...
Eleven-year-old New York City public school kid...
The son of acclaimed cinematographer Haskell We...
Having lived through traumatizing events during...
Pro quarter-back, Paul Crewe and former college...
A Chinese-American lesbian and her traditionali...
Sgt. James Dunn, who is wrongly accused of assa...
The true story of boxer, Jim Braddock who, in t...
Four best friends (Tibby, Lena, Carmen &amp; Br...
The film follows the surf and skateboarding tre...
Antoine is a maitre d' in a Paris brasserie, Ch...
It is about a music school in Philadelphia, The...
After five (or six) years of vanilla-wedded bli...
Everyone always knew that Max had a wild imagin...
Alexia travels with her friend Marie to spend a...
Working class New York bus driver Ralph Kramden...
They fall in love before they know its meaning,...
Thomas and Alfred were born around the same tim...
Andrea, a gifted young Polish violinist from Kr...
Its All Gone Pete Tong is a comedy following th...
When a substantial portion of the nation's popu...
In WWII Western Germany, Private David Manning ...
A young boy, in an effort to have a normal chil...
Dr. Shiragami combines the DNA of roses with so...
In 1862, a young Englishwoman becomes royal tut...
A man's life falls apart as a result of his aff...
To help his divorced neighbor claim a substanti...
Executive transvestite Eddie Izzard takes his s...
Set against the back drop of Rome in crisis, Ge...
Mediterranean ferryboat captain Henry St James ...
Driven by tragedy, billionaire Bruce Wayne dedi...
Two seriously wounded samurai find refuge from ...
Evil Space Aliens called the Xilians unleashes ...
Nora Cotterelle, a woman in her 30s is caring f...
Holly is tired of moving every time her mom Jea...
In the Yorkshire countryside, working-class tom...
'Heights' follows five characters over 24 hours...
A political thriller steeped in illegal oil tra...
The Bridge of San Luis Rey is American author T...
This Canadian made comedy/drama, set in Hamilto...
Maggie Peyton, the new owner of Number 53 - the...
She is a scientist. He is a Lebanese doctor. Th...
The world is full of zombies and the survivors ...
Thinking he can overshadow an unknown actress i...
A documentary film that highlights two street d...
One day Zano suggest a crazy idea to his compan...
Director Chris Smith (American Movie) continues...
The first feature length film to use three-stri...
One of the great comic book movies of all time ...
A well-established tale of a long-running feud ...
The feature film debut by artist Miranda July a...
A playboy has the tables turned on him when he ...
“Three” is an anthology of three horror shorts ...
Is love compatible with coupledom? And what of ...
A naïve young boy unknowingly becomes the pawn ...
Three activists cobble together a kidnapping pl...
Rocky Graziano is building a career in crime, w...
A wealthy woman from Manhattan's Upper East Sid...
Mobster Nick Scanlon (Ryan) has managed to buy ...
Carson  McCullers stage hit brought to the scre...
An american woman, in search of her fiance', be...
Two time travelers with opposing views are sent...
     sequel to the 1997 documentary film Trekkies.
In 2005 Bruce Campbell directed his first ever ...
Report reaches the US cavalry that the Apache l...
Lionel's life turns around after a one-night st...
Continuation from Utvandrarna (1971): The Swede...
A dramatised life of Samuel Langhorn Clemens, o...
An ambitious Mexican-American gets mixed up wit...
When a pint-sized 8-year-old kid witnesses a mu...
Henry Petosa and Freddy Ace are twins who were ...
In this sequel to Father of the Bride, newly ma...
Henry (Streisand) is a woman who would do anyth...
A story about the life of a twenty dollar bill ...
Combining a family vacation with business, Walt...
A marriage that seemed perfect comes crashing d...
The Marx Brothers try and put on a play before ...
Kiefer Sutherland is a hard-edged hit man. Know...
When her father, Giancarlo is transferred to Ro...
Like in many other Monicelli movies, the main t...
Jeff Wilson, the owner of a small circus, owes ...
A two-bit criminal takes on the Mafia to avenge...
Set in Paris in 1919, biopic centers on the lif...
Johnny Brett and King Shaw are an unsuccessful ...
Simon Cable wakes up in a hospital bed, confuse...
Ray Ferrier is a divorced dockworker and less-t...
A young woman who is determined to maintain her...
Psychedelic animation and a flying Godzilla hig...
Harry Dean has a perfect plan to steal a pricel...
A former British spy stumbles into in a plot to...
Every year, thousands of Antarctica's emperor p...
A girl from bourgeoisie discovers the pleasures...
Christian Slater is a stranger who comes to a s...
Did Jesus exist? This film starts with that que...
Jones is a secret agent who has gone into semi-...
An acclaimed college hoops coach is demoted to ...
16 years old Shlomi lives with his restless mot...
The true story of Ivan Sanchin, the KGB officer...
Dahlia Williams and her daughter Cecelia move i...
Like his father, Tom is a real estate agent who...
During a space voyage, four scientists are alte...
Quadriplegics, who play full-contact rugby in w...
The movie is a sequel to Bergman's Scenes from ...
A New Jersey housewife is dissatisfied with her...
John and his buddy, Jeremy are emotional crimin...
An ensemble cast telling 10 stories with intert...
A young man invents a robot dog that has super ...
In this highly speculative historical thriller,...
After their father abruptly sells the beloved f...
An evil business executive (played by George La...
Filmed some 18 months before its release, Confl...
Five years after their summer together in Barce...
Two men skilled in the arts of Kung-Fu are betr...
The Gestapo forces con man Victorio Bardone (Vi...
"Rigoletto" retold at Christmas time in Manhatt...
A strange new virus has appeared, which only at...
A German soldier (John Gavin) home on leave fal...
Kirk Douglas stars as the determined leader of ...
An account of karate competitor Choi Yeung-Eui ...
Two intellectuals, a writer and a director, beg...
Dwudziestosześcioletni Łukasz, niesłusznie posą...
The life of the pope John-Paul II, from his you...
An upper middle-class French family celebrates ...
With help from his friends, a Memphis pimp in a...
It was the movie that stunned audiences, shocke...
Man tries to recover a horse stolen from him by...
Naive American engineer Howard Graham (Joseph C...
When milkman Jimmy Connelly accidentally puts B...
Unsure of what to do next, 23-year-old Marnie t...
In 2019, Lincoln Six-Echo is a resident of a se...
Morris Buttermaker is a burned-out minor league...
The sequel to House of 1000 Corpses – the Firef...
The life and struggles of a notorious rock musi...
Impelled by a spirit which still preserves a pa...
Set in a world where superheroes are commonly k...
Deeply ensconced in a top-secret military progr...
Sarah Nolan is a newly divorced woman cautiousl...
One hundred superstar comedians tell the same v...
A middle-aged steelworker is content with his j...
Georgy has resigned herself to being one of lif...
Single mom Dottie Ingels sells cosmetics in a d...
Composer, conductor and teacher Peter Ilych Tch...
Dr. Maurice Lamar is a noted plastic-surgeon wh...
The plot takes place in New York, and in the pr...
"A Touch of Spice" is a story about Fanis, a yo...
A woman on the run from her abusive husband enc...
Soon after Ji-won gets a new cell phone, her fr...
When Rudy, an artifacts smuggler, goes to Jerus...
When the renegade crew of Serenity agrees to hi...
Since World War II North Americans have investe...
Documentary about jazz great Chet Baker that in...
A retired New York City couple drive across cou...
A Police Officer, whose family was killed by a ...
As the devoutly single Don Johnston is dumped b...
A country boy becomes the head of a gang throug...
In a quiet corner of Seoul, Jung-won runs a sma...
Indian-based traditional family of Pundit Darba...
A young woman uses her body and her sexuality t...
A washed-up movie queen finds romance, but cont...
On the last day of term at a boys private schoo...
A young man, morally destroyed by his parents n...
The dysfunctional twenty-three years old Sarah ...
While investigating the school files, the frigh...
Agents of an oil tycoon vanish while exploring ...
Monica Rivers, is the owner and ringmaster of a...
Cousins, Bo and Luke Duke, with the help of the...
The Chumscrubber is a dark comedy about the liv...
Young couple Carla (Maestro) and Martin (Leroux...
On the way to meet with an independent artist i...
Deuce Bigalow goes to Amsterdam after a little ...
A hospice nurse working at a spooky New Orleans...
Four adopted brothers return to their Detroit h...
As World War II rages, the elite Sixth Ranger B...
A woman becomes very curious about one of her p...
A 15-year-old girl incites chaos among her frie...
Werner Herzog's documentary film about the "Gri...
The life inside a farm in Italy at the beginnin...
Lawrence, an aging, lonely civil servant falls ...
Tom and Dan's one-night stand turns into an int...
A Chicago mob enforcer is sent to Kansas City t...
An expose of the lives and loves of Madison Ave...
Disney musical about Mother Carey, a Bostonian ...
The Three Stooges manage to crash through the t...
For old friends Roger (Peter Fonda) and Frank (...
A Korean horror film about an adopted young boy...
Two carnies (Sewell and Gugino) abduct a mermai...
A romanced story of Attila the Hun, since his c...
Commissaire Edouard Coleman is a Paris police c...
Paranoid computer programmer Simon wakes up to ...
Ever since the second grade when he first saw h...
Jack (Depp) and his buddy Ben (Morrow) check in...
Tony (Mads Mikkelsen) is released from prison -...
A Woman Rebels is the story of Pamela Thistlewa...
An orphaned cheetah becomes the best friend and...
A commander receives a citation for an attack o...
Based on a controversial French novel, Lila Say...
Shipping magnate Cyrus Wentworth, downcast over...
A successful farmyard revolution by the residen...
For three days in 1971, former US soldiers who ...
The clumsy and shy Stanley is a nice fellow, be...
Wealthy, aging patriarch Thordur assembles his ...
Louise is not very popular at her highschool. T...
A chic jewel thief in England falls in love wit...
17-year-old Sami has an accident which resulted...
In a fantastical 40's where magic is used by ev...
Three movie genres of the 1930s, boxing films, ...
Comedy satirizing the U.S. occupation of Japan ...
16-year old Jan is absent-mindedly strolling th...
Black is an adaptation of Helen Keller's autobi...
Andy Stitzer has a pleasant life with a nice ap...
Isabelle, a beautiful nursing student, is start...
When a neutral Danish merchant ship is forced t...
A historic Hollywood hotel houses a supernatura...
After attending the funeral of her grandmother ...
In this drama thriller set in the South, a youn...
Heading east to Fort Worth to hire a schoolteac...
An army major goes undercover as a college stud...
Raj is a rich, carefree, happy-go-lucky second ...
Exploring the somewhat darker and more mysterio...
Moa is in her early 20s, works at a factory and...
Olivia de Havilland and Richard Burton star in ...
A married couple is terrorized by a series of v...
Escaping gangsters trying to kill her because o...
Set in 50 B.C., Asterix and Obelix are living i...
In wartime England, circa 1941, poorly-armed tu...
Strings is a mythological story about the son o...
The story takes place on the desert planet "Plu...
Jun arrives in Hong Kong from mainland China, h...
Faced with the suspicious death of their father...
The animated comedy tells the story of a lowly ...
Folklore collectors and con artists, Jake and W...
Popular mailcoach driver Uncle Willie is in fac...
It is prior to the commencement of World War II...
Amalia is an adolescent girl who is caught in t...
The lives of the residents of a small French to...
A man with a "doormat" personality tries standi...
After a group of biologists discovers a huge ne...
A group of aspiring entertainers try to establi...
An American Pie-like teen comedy in which a hig...
Justin Quayle is a low-level British diplomat w...
Professional driver Frank Martin is living in M...
Margaret Cho returns to the concert stage with ...
Shortly after David Abbott moves into his new S...
Catherine is a woman in her late twenties who i...
Yuri Orlov is a globetrotting arms dealer and, ...
Venom is a fright-filled voodoo thriller loaded...
Eight unsuspecting high school seniors at a pos...
A film based on the semi-autobiographical novel...
Justin, a teenager boy, throws himself and ever...
Ben's dad Sam shows up one night with a note fr...
Halloween in West Hollywood, two guys making ou...
A young Hip Hop star named Summer G falls for a...
The O'Leary brothers -- honest Jack and roguish...
Young freewheeling wanderer Jerry Day and his b...
An "aspiring Hollywood actress" (Vinessa Shaw),...
The widow Lilia Herriton meets a young man when...
The major sub-plot circles around the youngest ...
Set ten years after the most peaceful revolutio...
After his family is killed in Japan by ninjas, ...
Debra Winger, Oris Erhuero and Idris Elba star ...
Four college friends become small-time bookies,...
The new minister in a small town faces the chal...
The Hong Kong super-cop must stop a group of bl...
After committing a murder, a man locks himself ...
Assorted wacky characters converge on a Chinese...
Sent into a drunken tailspin when his entire un...
A way of life is dying on a Shetland island fis...
Despite his talent as a musician, a city boy de...
Embezzler, shill, all around confidence man S. ...
Is American foreign policy dominated by the ide...
Arms dealer Yolaf Peterson aims to make a sale ...
Will Penny, an aging cowpoke, takes a job on a ...
"Touring makes you crazy," Frank Zappa says, ex...
Gertrud leaves her unfulfilling marriage to Gus...
Cheng Pei-pei plays Golden Swallow, a fighter-f...
Kitty Foyle, a hard-working white-collar girl f...
A team of space marines known as the Rapid Resp...
The daughter of actor, Laurence Harvey turns aw...
Employees at a Bennigan's-like restaurant (call...
400 years into the future, disease has wiped ou...
French cybernetics genius Victor Frankenstein c...
A male prison escapee heads for his hidden loot...
Stoic and heartbroken, Einar Gilkyson quietly l...
Special Agent Derrick Vann is a man out to get ...
A man continually trying and failing to get his...
Franz Woyzeck (Kinski) is a hapless, hopeless s...
After he inherits some money, Harold Bissonette...
A Lebanese boy gets separated from his family d...
A child of a middle class home with solid moral...
George Schneider is an author whose wife had ju...
16 Years of Alcohol is a 2003 drama film writte...
When a younger girl called Emily Rose (Carpente...
A claustrophobic, Hitchcockian thriller. A bere...
Set in a 19th-century european village, this st...
After being wrongfully expelled from Harvard Un...
An average family is thrust into the spotlight ...
Oliver Twist the modern filmed version of Charl...
A biopic of 20-year-old Francis Ouimet who defe...
A biopic of the writer, Truman Capote and his a...
In 1911, Vernon Castle, minor stage comic meets...
A thief (Duke Anderson) just released from ten ...
When a remote Thai village is overrun by terror...
Two years have passed since the final battle wi...
Crustaces et Coquillages is a fresh French come...
From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia. Roll Bou...
In small town Tennessee, a ne'er-do-well man (K...
When they take some friends on an extreme sport...
Based on the true story of Evelyn Ryan, a midwe...
In a fantasy world of opposing kingdoms, a 15-y...
Two strangers discover you really can find anyt...
A look inside an offbeat boarding school for yo...
Two men and a woman happen to meet in a bar. We...
Living among fusty academics, an unusual young ...
When Nick Davis leaves prison after one year in...
St. Francis of Assisi sends his followers into ...
A young psychiatric intern unearths secrets abo...
An epic about anthropologists who hunt and capt...
Münchhausen is a 1943 fantasy comedy film direc...
It is an adaptation of the Greek tragedy Medea ...
Cheese-loving eccentric Wallace and his cunning...
Seven warriors come together to protect a villa...
A petty thief posing as an actor is brought to ...
A staircase leading to the dormitory of a remot...
Kim Sun-woo is an enforcer and manager for a ho...
A rich woman, Mrs. Li, is losing her attractive...
19-year-old Tomek whiles away his lonely life b...
When lovely and virtuous governess Henriette De...
Set against the backdrop of a decaying Midweste...
The blood-soaked tale of a Norse warrior's batt...
A chronicle of Bob Dylan's strange evolution be...
Valerie, a Czechoslovakian teenager living with...
Matteo Scuro is a retired Sicilian bureaucrat, ...
Having been discharged from the Marines for a h...
Like millions of kids around the world, Santiag...
A Russian woman living in Memphis with a much o...
A documentary which explores the connections am...
Playwright Tony Kushner adapts his political ep...
Freshman high-school student Melinda has refuse...
Packard Walsh and his motorized gang control an...
This drama centers on Hank Chinaski, the fictio...
The winner (Carole Laure) of the Miss World Vir...
When a nuclear missile is launched by presumabl...
Howard Spence has seen better days. Once a big ...
After Police Captain Dan McLaren becomes police...
Irresponsible party girl Maggie (Cameron Diaz) ...
1943: Nine-year-old Eero whose father is killed...
A teenager's reputation is destroyed when she f...
Diplomats, soldiers and other representatives o...
Six friends on a road trip stop for the night a...
Sean Veil is an ultra paranoid murder suspect w...
In this fictional documentary, U.S. prisons are...
Tax collector Lorenzo Charlton comes to the Lar...
Based on the true childhood experiences of Noah...
A former college athlete joins forces with a sp...
A cyclist is killed, swiped by a Range Rover in...
Fourteen-year-old Emma goes to a party with fri...
Star Wreck: In the Pirkinning begins with Capta...
A criminal lawyer's wife faces blackmail when s...
Brokeback Mountain is an Ang Lee film about two...
The hazards of bio-accumulation, pollution, and...
Drew Baylor is fired after causing his shoe com...
A fictionalized account of the first major succ...
This film tells the story of a semi modern Iran...
The story of journalist, Edward R Murrow's stan...
A comedy musical based on the comic strip charc...
Ben Crane believes that a severely injured race...
In autumn of 1526, the Emperor, Charles V, send...
Tells the story of one day in the lives of the ...
Set in the Australian outback in the 1880s, the...
A young singer turns his back on God and his fa...
In a small town of rolling fields and endless s...
Through the eyes of a British "documentary", th...
Trapped within an eerie mist, the residents of ...
A troubled woman seeks out the child she gave u...
A year and a half ago the world was hit with th...
A documentary about the rise of anti-Semitism i...
Told by a psychic of his imminent death on his ...
Mirabelle is a disenchanted salesgirl and aspir...
Inspired by real events, this ribald comedy pit...
An ambitious reporter probes the reasons behind...
Teenager Deacon works at a video shop, and his ...
If you are born disabled in Ghana, West Africa ...
Psychiatrist Sam Foster has a new patient, Henr...
political thriller that charts the exploits of ...
Having spent the last 10 years fighting injusti...
A successful author, Liz, searches for her daug...
A recovering alcoholic and recently converted M...
A Chicago weather man, separated from his wife ...
When a new murder victim is discovered with all...
A career driven professional from Manhattan is ...
Yuzo and his fiancée Masako spend their Sunday ...
To save his career, an ad man wants a sex symbo...
While waiting for the brain surgery of his daug...
A searing examination of the unrelenting Cheche...
The Peanuts gang, including Snoopy and Woodstoc...
Members of a devout Christian congregation try ...
Three rogues set out to rob $300,000 from an In...
A wealthy Italian household is turned upside do...
Set in the Little Saigon district outside of Sy...
The original American Pie characters have moved...
An unscrupulous boxer fights his way to the top...
A vampire lures beautiful young women to his ca...
Set during the Bosnian war in the early 1990s, ...
James Parker and Harry Holt are on an expeditio...
Harry Holt returns to Africa to head up a large...
This 1960 thriller, set in London, stars Doris ...
When the young detective Paul Nerteaux finds th...
A young boy with a troubled home life becomes "...
Aging small-time con man Augusto (Broderick Cra...
Tracy, an aspiring designer from the slums of C...
The unflinching tale of Maria, Allan and Steso,...
In 1933, after leaving Dogville, Grace Margaret...
A ship company employee, Jay Williams, is sent ...
Captives of the very relationships that define ...
A man is put to prison for 10 years. Coming out...
A small group of survivors at a military instal...
A naval aviator is assigned to bomb a group of ...
Antoine Doinel is now more than thirty. He divo...
Flama and Moko are fourteen years old; they hav...
Nanni Moretti takes a comic look at the ebbs an...
Based on stories from "The Arabian Nights." A w...
A ditsy reporter enlists the help of a sleazy p...
Hotshot gambler Jake Green (Jason Statham) is l...
Only legendary Japanese garage rock band Guitar...
Everything Put Together is a 2000 film directed...
Jarhead is a film about a US Marine Anthony Swo...
Joe (Alex Campbell) and his siblings have a cou...
In Jerusalem's orthodox neighborhoods, it's Suc...
When the sky really is falling and sanity has f...
Down-and-dirty musical love story set in the wo...
This drama features three stories about the bon...
A soldier returns home to his small town and ex...
In 1914, World War I, the bloodiest war ever at...
Jess Franco's version of the Bram Stoker classi...
A young teacher on her way to a position in Tra...
Star major league pitcher Monty Stratton loses ...
A Scotland Yard investigator looks into four my...
While mainland Britain shivers in deepest winte...
In the early 20th century a village experienced...
    Giant mutant rabbits terrorize the southwest!!
Iris (Kati Outinen) has a soul-deadening job as...
Antti "Zombie" Autiomaa does two things well: p...
A newly-married couple tries to build their soc...
A tale of an inner city drug dealer who turns a...
Legendary swordplay filmmaker Hideo Gosha’s Swo...
While visiting his hometown during Christmas, a...
The Middle Eastern oil industry is the backdrop...
Calamari Union is an allegorical movie that tel...
The story of Ingmar Bergman's parents. In 1909,...
Three penniless artists become friends in moder...
Pete (played by Antti Tarvainen) loses his cons...
When two married business executives having an ...
Trapped in a London subway station, a woman who...
Pride & Prejudice is a humorous story of love a...
In the perfectly normal town of Louisville, KY,...
Upon discovering a den of corrupt policemen, a ...
Jimmy needs $900 to clear a gambling debt but a...
Stranded backpackers in remote Australia fall p...
After a tragic accident, six friends reunite fo...
Ballet dancer Marie reminisce of a summer 13 ye...
Beat Takeshi lives the busy and sometimes surre...
An authoritarian rancher, Barbara Stanwyck, who...
Harry starts his fourth year at Hogwarts, compe...
A husband and wife reevaluate their marriage af...
A chronicle of country music legend Johnny Cash...
This rock opera tells the story of one year in ...
A kabuki actor's mistress hatches a jealous plo...
A celebrated painter receives a visit from a ca...
Ale, a deeply disturbed young man subject to se...
After their father is called into work, two you...
A story of two love affairs. A father's love fo...
Failing to make it on his own, 27-year-old Jim ...
Life in small town Wisconsin. Selma and Arnold,...
Sarah Silverman appears before an audience in L...
11-year-old Eliza Naumann comes from an odd fam...
In the 1970s, a foundling lad, Patrick "Kitten"...
A shady lawyer attempts a Christmas Eve crime, ...
Admiral Frank Beardsley returns to New London t...
A successful DJ named Darrel (Usher), managed t...
The story of John Wilmot, a.k.a. the Earl of Ro...
First Descent is a 2005 documentary film about ...
A British multinational company seeks to overth...
Army despatch rider Hondo Lane discovers a woma...
In Italy, the American writer Sam Dalmas (Tony ...
Fleeing 1930s New York and leaving behind a che...
After World War II, some Tokyo prostitutes band...
A young female character, Nikki Douka, from Sam...
Once hounded from his castle by outraged villag...
Lyons, France. Michel Descombes is a watchmaker...
Two ex-convicts, MG and Gilbert find refuge in ...
The Driver specializes in driving getaway cars ...
Mondovino (in Italian: World of Wine) is a 2004...
The Morgans, a loving and strong family of Blac...
Match Point is Woody Allen’s satire of the Brit...
Nazarín is the priest who leaves his order and ...
The late, great impresario Florenz Ziegfeld loo...
Lorna has been married to Jim for a year, but s...
A pair of young vacationers are involved in a d...
A powerful and seductive Hollywood mogul convin...
A moving account of the experiences of men exon...
Andrew Manson, a young, idealistic, newly quali...
"Beyond the Gates" is a feature length document...
Red Skelton plays Aubrey Filmore, a feather-bra...
Paradise Now is filmed from the perspective of ...
Aaron Roman (Gores) is a teenager with cerebral...
Siblings Lucy, Edmund, Susan and Peter step thr...
In 1933 New York, an overly ambitious movie pro...
A sweeping romantic epic set in Japan in the ye...
An uptight, conservative, businesswoman accompa...
An orphaned girl, driven by poverty at such a y...
Small-time crook Nick Bianco gets caught in a j...
When the Great Northeast Blackout of 1965 hit, ...
The story of Cuban refugees who risked their li...
A wealthy Los Angeles teen and her superficial ...
The mother of a feudal lord's only heir is kidn...
                                               NaN
Mother India is an Indian film from director Me...
Story of Guy Maddin, hockey player for the Maro...
A Generation is set in Wola, a working-class se...
This is the second part of a projected three-pa...
After the elevators at a New York City skyscrap...
Trouble ensues when a motorcycle gang stops in ...
Two twelve-year-old boys, Romeo and Gavin, unde...
In a small city of Brazil, Flor (a very good lo...
The life of Danny Wright, a salesman forever on...
During one unusually hot weekend, four friends ...
This documentary takes the viewer on a deeply p...
When an experienced thief accidentally makes of...
Scudder is a detective with the Sheriff's Depar...
The wife (Bette Davis) of a Wisconsin doctor (J...
When their marriage finally goes "phffft!", Nin...
A love story between two savants with Asperger'...
After a group of young revolutionaries break in...
A lonely Navy sailor falls in love with a hooke...
The story of legendary Notre Dame football play...
When deaf garbage man Shigeru (Kurôdo Maki) fin...
With a red-light district in Seoul being demoli...
A repressed artists receives ritual abuse from ...
Romances end in blood and the frail hopes of in...
During World War II, two French civilians and a...
The story follows General George Armstrong Cust...
When brash Texas border officer Mike Norton (Ba...
Gino Monetti is a ruthless Italian-American ban...
Members of a circus troupe "adopt" Lili Daurier...
When Erik, a Stockholm urbanite, learns that hi...
After causing a commotion with his last assignm...
In neo-noir fashion El Aura narrates in the fir...
A  U.S. government built flying saucer is launc...
Lee Van Cleef stars as Talby, a sadistic gunfig...
During the 1972 Olympic Games in Munich, eleven...
After putting together another Broadway flop, d...
Bree is about to get a sex change operation tha...
Sarah Huttinger's return home with her fiance c...
Steve Martin and Bonnie Hunt return as heads of...
After Dick Harper loses his job at Globodyne in...
Pressured by a greedy uncle (Brian Cox) and a p...
With a reputation for seducing members of the o...
Eccentric 70-year-old widow purchases the Windm...
The last movie from the team of Ismail Merchant...
A modern day Cinderella story which sees disast...
In the aftermath of the Spanish Civil War, Ana,...
Two boys (Tamir &amp; Amine) awake one morning ...
In Stalinist Poland, cabaret singer Tonia decid...
This concert was recorded live at the Terrace T...
When stubborn, spotty Kevin and his equally hop...
Husband (senior ministry official) and wife fin...
The story of two brothers who get involved with...
A baby lamp finds a ball to play with and it's ...
A pastor preoccupied with writing the perfect s...
Kishanlal marries the beautiful Lachchi, but th...
We're in an English village shortly before Dunk...
In the post-WWII Japan, the twenty-seven year-o...
Dr. Feinstone has everything, a beautiful wife ...
Charles Dickens' classic tale of an orphaned bo...
Santiago wakes up like any other morning. He go...
A pre-Monty Python mockumentary, written by and...
Documentary style account of a nuclear holocaus...
Yamakasi - Les samouraïs des temps modernes is ...
In this Janette Oke sequel to "Love Comes Softl...
The story of a clairvoyant who falls in love wi...
Horror anthology about a college professor (Zad...
A drama about explorer John Smith and the clash...
Voices of a Distant Star chronicles a long-dist...
Marjoe Gortner plays a drug dealer whose car br...
Journalist Elizabeth Lane is one of the country...
Leo Vincey, told by his dying uncle of a lost l...
When an unexploded WWII bomb is accidentally de...
Based on a true story. The name of the real shi...
Two Welsh coal-mining brothers win a trip to Lo...
Buckle on your swashes for this swashbuckling a...
An old Chinese man rides into the town of Abalo...
February 17 to March 3, 1860, inside Edo castle...
A Jewish boy grows up in 1920s Montreal with a ...
Gianni, Nicola and Antonio become close friends...
Four 12-year-old black boys from one of the mos...
Young man shows his millionaire grandfather a f...
After a 13-year imprisonment for the kidnap and...
One of the best Polish comedies of the late 199...
                                               NaN
There are times when it's right and proper to s...
What starts out as a romantic honeymoon on a de...
French soldiers (Jean-Pierre Aumont, Gene Kelly...
Documentary about the art of film editing. Clip...
Two British agents are murdered by a mysterious...
A damaged U-boat is stranded in a Canadian bay ...
After falling ill, Yesterday learns that she is...
When James met Penelope at a club, it took all ...
Docu-drama based on the life of Ted Bundy, a se...
Set in the ghettos of Paris in 2010, an underco...
In eighteenth century Romania, Rayne, a dhampir...
Three backpackers head to a Slovakian city that...
Even though he's 35, Alex acts more like he's 1...
An affair between the second in line to Britain...
In 1966, Texas Western coach Don Haskins led th...
After she's diagnosed with a terminal illness, ...
The recipes of candies of the goody shops have ...
April's Shower begins with a group of people ga...
As the war between the vampires and the Lycans ...
To improve its relations with Muslim countries,...
When a warlock threatens Wendy the Good Little ...
An ex-con trying to go clean ends up working fo...
In a Carpathian village, Ivan falls in love wit...
Clint is an every day working man whose wife Jo...
A psychic housewife and her husband become burd...
A black laborer turns preacher after accidental...
A wounded criminal and his dying partner take r...
Takada, a Japanese fisherman has been estranged...
Claude Massoulier is murdered while hunting at ...
New York trapper Tom Dobb becomes an unwilling ...
In late 19th Century Hong Kong the British may ...
Plastic surgery gives a scarred female criminal...
Chronicles a Mossad team hand picked to hunt do...
Ten-year-old Gabe was just a normal kid growing...
Crocodile is a 1996 South Korean film. It was t...
The film treats the imprisoning hold of poverty...
The sophisticated thief of art Robert "Cuma" Cu...
A few days before Christmas, traveling entertai...
A university student is pursued by a man with a...
Professor Bernard Quatermass is in charge of a ...
Kirsty Cotten is now all grown up and married. ...
A girl on the road to stardom fights the dehuma...
Gamera's back, and just in time to save Japan f...
The music of Cheap Trick, The Cars, and The Ram...
A widowed aeronautics engineer, who has lost hi...
An undercover policewoman helps three female co...
An American diplomat and his fiancée venture in...
Díaz is a burly seen-it-all cop who's depressed...
In Patagonia, a mechanic who dreams of a differ...
Wada (Masahiro Motoki), a salary man, is enlist...
Freya McAllister suddenly starts hearing voices...
The film examines the plight of a group of wido...
The true story of The Temptations, the Soul voc...
True story of Germany's most famous anti-Nazi h...
Convicted of manslaughter for a drunken driving...
Uuno is forced to complete his mandatory milita...
Four Olympic gold medals, seven World Champions...
The life story of New Zealander Burt Munro, who...
Two parallel stories of Wah caught in the mist ...
Set in the late 19th century. When a ruthless r...
Trevor sometimes-violent skinhead with no regar...
Steve Coogan, an arrogant actor with low self-e...
A U.S. missionary (Barbara Stanwyck) is gradual...
The last of Rohmer's Six Moral Tales. Frederic ...
Brilliant, long in-the-works story of the life ...
A day-in-the-life dark comedy concerning a grou...
Edogawa Rampo is a writer whose latest work is ...
A new take on the Manson Family murders, with a...
Holidaymakers arriving in a Club Med camp on th...
Jake Huard, from a shipbuilders family, promise...
FBI agent Malcolm Turner goes back undercover a...
Widower Cedric Brown (Colin Firth) hires Nanny ...
A woman refuses to let her romances last longer...
With being thrown off buildings an occupational...
Adèle and her daughter Sarah are traveling on t...
While on a fishing trip, Harry Baldwin (Ray Mil...
Foreign correspondent Pete Garvey has 5 days to...
A terrified stewardess is stalked by her psycho...
In this reworking of "No, No, Nanette," wealthy...
Sophie loved Edmund, but he left town when her ...
Lt. Robin Crusoe is a navy pilot who bails out ...
A singer goes to a small town for a performance...
The Comedians of Comedy is an occasional stand-...
In Venice, the millionaire benefactor Cecil Fox...
During the Second World War, a special project ...
A student's premonition of a deadly rollercoast...
Jenny Bowman is a successful singer who, while ...
Kenya McQueen, a corporate lawyer finds love in...
The Swede (Marlon Brando), a prison warden, rul...
Letty moves to West Texas from the East and it ...
The American comedian/actor delivers a story ab...
Young Polish physics student Marie marries Doct...
Orfeu is a popular composer from a samba school...
Every child who has lost a parent early in life...
During her wedding ceremony, Rachel notices Luc...
Adapted from a story by William Irish, it's a n...
Ten years after their Upper Sixth, Bruno, Momo,...
The story of a woman that remained distracted f...
Cattle baron Matt Devereaux raids a copper smel...
Set immediately before World War I, it deals wi...
One day, when Sabah least expects it, she falls...
A dying professor leaves his great-nephew a col...
When the coach of the France soccer team is kil...
When a family moves into a San Francisco apartm...
During the '80s, a young man named Frankie drea...
When The Man in the Yellow Hat befriends Curiou...
State-of-the-art security system creator, Jack ...
Told in flashback, Depression-era bum Dan McGin...
Auteur à succès, Darius voit des affiches annon...
This 2004 documentary by Werner Herzog diaries ...
Tony Takitani had a solitary childhood. Being a...
Far away from the site of a gruesome murder, a ...
Tamara, an unattractive girl who is picked on b...
London is a drug laden adventure that centers o...
In March 2005, Neil Young was diagnosed with a ...
A black police detective must solve a strange c...
Actress Reese Holden has been offered a small f...
In the Antarctic, after an expedition with Dr. ...
Spoof of romantic comedies which focuses on a m...
After a drug-op gone bad, Joey Gazelle is put i...
Based upon Tyler Perry's acclaimed stage produc...
This is the story of Doogal, an adorable candy-...
In the late 21st century, a subculture of human...
Manhattanite Ashley is known to many as the luc...
When their computer hacker friend accidentally ...
Sea life in a whole new way. Deep Sea 3D, an un...
An aging cop is assigned the ordinary task of e...
The story of a middle-aged bookshop owner, who ...
David (Luke Wilson) is an artist and a pothead....
An anorexic young woman escapes from a psychiat...
A drama-thriller centered on a democratic elect...
Rachel Carson, a best-selling crime novelist, i...
A man confronts the trauma of past sexual abuse...
Tripp, an attractive man in his thirties, is st...
When a nuclear missile was fired at Washington ...
Diego, Manny and Sid return in this sequel to t...
At the start of World War I, Paul Baumer is a y...
To remedy his financial problems, a travel agen...
After the end of World War II Karen, a young di...
José Ferrer won the Oscar for Best Actor for hi...
Even though Gennosuke and Oboro are from rival ...
An examination of sexual relationships, in whic...
Carefully picked scenes of nature and civilizat...
A Psammead is 'It', an ancient, irritable, ugly...
Rebecca, an American who has been living in Jer...
Stewart is a bounty hunter in Colorado territor...
With just weeks before their royal wedding, Pai...
Mexican beauty Camilla hopes to rise above her ...
In a world in which Great Britain has become a ...
Viola Johnson is in a real jam. Complications t...
The chief spokesperson and lobbyist Nick Naylor...
Based on the true story of Jack DiNorscio, a mo...
Bank robber Dalton Russell enters a Manhattan b...
The South African multi-award winning film abou...
Two teenage girls discover that mermaids really...
A man who has a body almost completely covered ...
A thousand years ago, the Leprechaun left a blo...
It was a normal night in Las Vegas, Nevada, all...
On a planet in a distant galaxy, a power hungry...
When Butch, Postmaster P, and Stray Bullet loot...
Robert Preston plays the flip side of his etern...
Paola (Lucia Bose) is the beautiful and jealous...
A lawyer becomes a fisherman from frustration. ...
Koistenin is a sad sack, a man without affect o...
The war between Luxembourg and Finland sets the...
Newspaper reporter John McGuire plunges into a ...
Based on Wes Craven's 1977 suspenseful cult cla...
The tale of a workaholic dad-turned-dog who fin...
Martin Scorsese celebrates American movies from...
Detective Inspector Jacques Clouseau is borrowe...
The eighth and last of the Pink Panther series....
The true story of Doug Bruce who woke up on Con...
A tragic love story set in East Berlin with the...
In 1919, Hungarian Communists aid the Bolshevik...
Oh no! It appears as if Satan isn't going to fi...
Ko Chow is an undercover cop who is under press...
Gao (Jack Kao) is riding the train to Pinghsi t...
This pioneering documentary film depicts the li...
A reporter and a promiscuous young woman try to...
The story of a woman who survives the car accid...
To infiltrate a criminal organization responsib...
Go Tell the Spartans is a 1978 American war fil...
A police detective's investigation of a prostit...
A former professional dancer volunteers to teac...
The internationally produced The Lacemaker (La ...
This 2006 documentary film chronicles the life ...
A forged 500-franc note is cynically passed fro...
A reconstruction of the trial of Joan of Arc (b...
Robert Bresson plumbs great reservoirs of feeli...
A skewering of Italian Prime Minister Silvio Be...
Slevin is mistakenly put in the middle of a per...
An alien narrates the story of his dying planet...
Wheel of Time is Werner Herzog's photographed l...
The year is 2000 and investors are going crazy ...
Raimunda (Penélope Cruz) works and lives Madrid...
The film explores the history of the word throu...
Eleven year-old Akeelah Anderson's life is not ...
Lisbela is a young woman who loves going to the...
A trip to the mental institution hell. This ody...
On a prom-night dare, a trio of high school fri...
A slovenly cable repairman becomes a big-city h...
After the mysterious, brutal death of an old fr...
Awkward Annie (Barbara Stanwyck) loves her shar...
Novelist Catherine Tramell is once again in tro...
A teenage loner pushes his way into the underwo...
9-year old Karl Lejon, 'Skorpan' is suffering f...
When a renegade band of young filmmakers break ...
The sensationalist reporter Michelle Fox presen...
Santa Claus is actually a demon who lost a bet ...
Dr. Samantha Goodman is a beautiful, young psyc...
Kirby Dick's provocative documentary investigat...
Haunted by memories of a patient's death, a nur...
As four friends prepare for life after high sch...
A group of high school students, led by a rich ...
A small town is taken over by an alien plague, ...
A trio of guys try and make up for missed oppor...
Two plus-sized ladies meet the men of their dre...
To find Ilona and unlock the secrets of her dis...
Germany director Dani Levy filmed this comedy a...
Throughout his upbringing unnatural phenomena s...
Gary Oldman is Lynch, a strangely charming hit ...
After she quits her lucrative job, Olivia finds...
Louis XIV, the French sun-king has two passions...
A mentally ill man searches New York for his mi...
This film tells the tale of the Harper Affair, ...
A fictional movie star, Gray Evans, goes throug...
Modern finnish movie about two very different y...
Shot entirely without dialogue and filled with ...
A ventriloquist is at the mercy of his vicious ...
A poet falls in love with an art student, who g...
Werner Krauss, who had played the deranged Dr. ...
Bruno and Sonia, a young couple living off her ...
An on-the-scene documentary following the event...
In 1944 Lucien Lacombe, a young peasant in the ...
A young man (Lerman) moves from Montana to Flor...
Where the Red Fern Grows is the heartwarming an...
Cindy finds out the house she lives in is haunt...
A mature 14-year old girl meets a charming 32-y...
A group of Confederate soldiers who hole up in ...
A small group of French students are studying M...
A young photographer and his girlfriend discove...
A look at what goes on backstage during the las...
Gambling addiction bring the stories of three o...
It is the year 1856. Nawab Wajid Ali Shah is th...
Pinocchio and his friends, a glow worm and a ma...
Ken loves to design and build exotic cars. When...
A secret service agent is framed as the mole in...
New York City. David Stillwell struggles to rec...
On October 26, 1979, President Park Chung-hee, ...
An adolescent lion is accidentally shipped from...
After almost 10 years of marriage, attractive Z...
The eerie and deserted ghost town of Silent Hil...
Set in Mexico City, Carlos Reygadas's sexually ...
The new season of "American Dreamz," the wildly...
On the banks of Canal Saint-Martin in Paris, 19...
A wife and mother is consumed by the thought th...
A semi-fictionalized account of the life of Mat...
The movie's plot is based on the true story of ...
Charles Price may have grown up with his father...
During the campaign for reelection, the crooked...
In Bangkok, the young Kham was raised by his fa...
Retired from active duty to train new IMF agent...
Hsiao-Kang, now working as an adult movie actor...
Siegfried, son of King Sigmund, hears of the be...
After Siegfried's death, Kriemhild marries Etze...
An overzealous soldier mentally deteriorates af...
Climbing aboard their mammoth recreational vehi...
A real time account of the events on United Fli...
Haley is a naturally gifted athlete but, with h...
Fritz Lang’s psycho thriller tells the story of...
Every night while the city sleeps, Ahmad, a for...
“The World” is a theme park on the outskirts of...
After a cavalry group is massacred by the Cheye...
James Cagney stars as a fledgling producer who ...
A hip, misguided Southern California couple dec...
Based on the true events of the only case in US...
On a trip to the beach, a teenage girl named To...
Set in 19th Century Japan a young samurai who f...
A scheming raccoon fools a mismatched family of...
Starting from childhood attempts at illustratio...
A packed cruise ship traveling the Atlantic is ...
When the curator of the Louvre is found murdere...
When a cure is found to treat mutations, lines ...
Cohabitating couple Gary and Brooke find their ...
A chance encounter with a stranger changes the ...
Three pre-adolescents with virginal and eager-o...
Set at the end of the 1960s, as Swaziland is ab...
All hilarity breaks loose in this heartwarming ...
Lightning McQueen, a hotshot rookie race car dr...
Instead of adhering to the norms of their South...
In Havana, Cuba in the late 1950's, a wealthy f...
A chain reaction of confrontations and romantic...
Jay Hernandez (Friday Night Lights), Mario Van ...
Six outwardly average individuals have elaborat...
When Rocklin (John Wayne) arrives in a western ...
A newspaper publisher, wanting to prove a point...
Fantasy tale based on the tale of the legendary...
An earthy, naturalistically erotic and blood-so...
In the 1960s, encouraged by the government, a l...
After the American Civil War, mercenaries trave...
Bettie Page grew up in a conservative religious...
A Russian ex-hit man is called back to Russia f...
Michael and Robert, two gay men living in Brook...
Game 6 is a 2005 American film directed by Mich...
Seemingly disparate portraits of people -- amon...
Writer-director Randall Miller's heart-achingly...
After decades of laboring as a Glasgow shipbuil...
A diplomatic couple adopts the son of the devil...
A motiveless malignancy? Elvis leaves the Navy ...
Nacho Libre is loosely based on the story of Fr...
A lonely doctor who once occupied an unusual la...
A workaholic architect finds a universal remote...
A young woman searches for her missing sister w...
Moments from the uncompromisingly bleak existen...
A biographical film about the Norwegian Express...
A romantic rivalry among members of a secret so...
The Devil Wears Prada is about a young journali...
Captain Jack Sparrow works his way out of a blo...
After standing in as best man for his longtime ...
A calamity at Dante and Randall's shops sends t...
Apartment building superintendent Cleveland Hee...
When New York architect Matt Saunders dumps his...
An unsophisticated young woman from the Mississ...
While waiting at a train station, Nikki Collins...
A woman and her lover are tortured and killed b...
Documentary film about The Beatles rehearsing a...
Nicholas is the eldest son of a wealthy suburba...
A group of delinquents are sent to clean the Bl...
The retelling of France's iconic but ill-fated ...
Private detective Philip Marlowe is asked by a ...
A Russian POW joins the partisan guerrillas and...
In 1996, electric cars began to appear on roads...
The movie deals with the championship-winning G...
In this sexually frank French drama, the aimles...
A documentary on Al Gore's campaign to make the...
Jim is a test pilot. His wife Ann and best frie...
Josie, the daughter of the town's wealthiest bu...
After the mysterious death of scientist, Dr. De...
St. Louis, 1986. For Chuck Berry's 60th, Keith ...
Jenny, a deaf runaway who has just arrived in S...
A guy starts a fake casting agency in hopes tha...
True story of the Australian nurse who fought t...
A moving true story about volunteers protecting...
Troy (Zac Efron), the popular captain of the ba...
It is during the final months of 1999 that 46-y...
The film concerns the theme of self-imposed lim...
Award-winning director Fatih Akin takes us on a...
Just moments before his third wedding, Zahedi r...
Best friends Deco (Lázaro Ramos) and Naldinho (...
A hotel cabana boy falls for the wife of a powe...
A Pakistani involved in a planned attack in New...
A chemist loses his job to outsourcing. Two yea...
Follows two New York city couples -- one hetero...
A young woman marries an older millionaire and ...
Bob, an incompetent man, is searching for an av...
The sheriff and his deputies from the first mov...
A chronicle of the sordid life and suspicious d...
Set in the underworld of Manhattan, Marked Woma...
An Olympic hopeful marathon runner hopes his su...
A New York gossip columnist (Lee Tracy) feuds w...
Huo Yuan Jia became the most famous martial art...
Greta Garbo runs away from an unbearable life a...
An uptight insurance man and his film-censor wi...
In order to avoid a jail sentence, Sean Boswell...
Garfield is back and this time Garfield and his...
The film discusses the traits and originators o...
When you read the title ‘Summer on the Balcony’...
A crime photographer gets involved in a conspir...
United States Federal agent Rigby (Robert Taylo...
In World War II Washington DC, scientist Pat Ja...
An ex-convict (Tyrese) gets tangled up with a g...
A young humanoid alien who gets stranded on ear...
     A safecracker turns double agent during WWII.
An aimless adolescent (Ellen Page) joins severa...
The true story of Irish outlaw Daniel Morgan, w...
Elmer, a humble worker in a dry cleaning establ...
Superman returns to discover his 5-year absence...
In this Derek Jarman version of Christopher Mar...
Part drama, part documentary, The Road to Guant...
Poet, singer / songwriter and ladies man Leonar...
Seemingly mild-mannered businessman Edmond Burk...
Priscilla and Jack appear to be the perfect cou...
A family loaded with quirky, colorful character...
In the 1970s a music promoter plucks Siamese tw...
Eva Mozes Kor, who survived Josef Mengele's cru...
Two years after the Bosnian civil war, a town t...
Inspector Clouseau disappears, and the Surete w...
A man enclosed in a plastic bubble, his sister,...
At an old farmhouse, a family mysteriously diss...
Based on the humorously edgy play by Vivienne L...
Herr Raab is a technical draftsman. His wife pu...
Shot from 1987 through 1998 on super 8, 16mm an...
Essentially true story of how Spartan king Leon...
The film is told through the naive eyes of a di...
An innocent trucker takes it on the lam when he...
Bogart plays a crusading lawyer fighting to sav...
Tragedy strikes a married couple on vacation in...
Rugged Captain Alan Gaskell (Clark Gable) sails...
Tawes is the sheriff in a godforsaken little ho...
A tale about two young boys, Prosper and Bo, wh...
A down-and-out gangster hires an alcoholic pres...
Krishna (Roshan) is born with magical powers - ...
A prequel to the critically acclaimed series fe...
A Savage beast, grown to monstrous size and dri...
A network of older spies from the West recruits...
A fictionalized account of the early life of th...
A doctor invents a resurrection formula and tes...
After saving Casey, a daughter of his friend, f...
There are three stories of women and men: in "A...
A group of people from different backgrounds ha...
From the masters who create the mind-bending di...
Betrayed by an informant, Philippe Gerbier (Lin...
Orchestra Rehearsal (Italian: Prova d'orchestra...
After leaving the prison, the dwarf criminal Ca...
A reformer's daughter wins the lead in a scanda...
Janie lives to dance and will dance anywhere, e...
After losing his bride in a Luftwaffe air raid,...
A multi-layered satire of race relations in Ame...
The film revolves around the relationship betwe...
Alex Thomas was the man in charge of protecting...
"End of the Spear" is the story of Mincayani, a...
Jerry Ryan wanders aimlessly around New York af...
Police detective Joe Leland investigates the mu...
Monsters under the bed are scary enough, but wh...
A man who deals with parcels at an airport carg...
Modern-day Warsaw shines in this romantic comed...
After winning the lottery, François goes to a b...
The true story of a man who posed as director S...
A young man attempts to fight the system in an ...
America is on the search for the murderer Eddie...
An American journalism student in London scoops...
Lifelong friends and national idols Ricky Bobby...
Chaos reigns at the natural history museum when...
On September, 11th 2001, after the terrorist at...
Everybody knows that your life is a story. But ...
Mary Rafferty comes from a poor family of steel...
As the fiercely dedicated general practitioner ...
Luisa Ginglebusher (Sullavan) leaves the orphan...
Meet best friends Michael, Albert, Stanley and ...
Miami Vice is a feature film based on the 1980s...
A groom (Ed Burns) and his four attendants wres...
Mikey and Rose are professional assassins. They...
Each Dawn I Die is a 1939 gangster film featuri...
Dr. Dempsey is an American scientist who has be...
The 1978 kidnapping and murder of Aldo Moro, pr...
In 1980 the black Falashas in Ethiopia are reco...
A big-city cop is reassigned to the country aft...
The true story of Christopher Gardner, who inve...
A homage and parody of 1950s and 1960s Thai rom...
After discovering they are all dating the same ...
Fed up with being targeted by the neighborhood ...
During a dinner, given by a wealthy baron and h...
Dreyer's classic silent film tells the tale of ...
A famed artist fights his passion for a male mo...
An ex-gangster tries to resist his old cohorts'...
All but abandoned by her family in a London ret...
Mr. Lazarescu (Ion Fiscuteanu) is a retired Rom...
In Madrid, the orphan sisters Irene, Ana and Ma...
The very sad tale of Socialite &amp; Warhol Mus...
The prequel, Komisario Palmun erehdys (1960), w...
Lizzie Curry is on the verge of becoming a hope...
Professional assassin Chev Chelios learns his r...
A touching story of a deaf girl who is sent to ...
"The Dudesons Movie" is an extreme stunts comed...
On the Arabian Peninsula in the 1930s, two warr...
The Hurricane is a 1937 film set in the South S...
Johnny Doyle escapes a violent past in Ireland ...
An examination of the malevolent London underwo...
Two cops, a rookie and a grizzled vet, pursue a...
In the midst of his crumbling relationship, a r...
When things get crazy at the farm, it's up to a...
In the end of the first Indochina War, an open-...
A stockbroker (Robert Young) tells the court ho...
A man in priestly robes, seemingly the long-awa...
Two close friends, arrogantly and without remor...
Three people arrive in a village in Southern En...
Two lovers, Mary and Larry, in their Dodge Char...
A playwright persuades a con artist to help an ...
After being kidnapped by four, masked men, a te...
Everyone deserves a chance to follow their drea...
Jack Shepard is an out-of-shape auto shop owner...
When the body of the executive of hockey Benoit...
Ginger Rogers, a telephone operator, is pursued...
The film follows Nishi, a loser who has a crush...
A soldier recounts his relationship with a famo...
Despite his dedication to the junior-high stude...
One day, on a whim, Marc decides to shave off t...
Martial arts expert Wing Chun battles bandits i...
Set some time after the The Heroic Trio (1993) ...
Jet Li plays Ling, a student from the Blue Moun...
The film is set in 1913 Beijing, during Yuan Sh...
Because of the actions of her irresponsible par...
At fictitious Tait University in the Roaring 20...
In order to release his kidnapped sister, sport...
James "Brick" Davis, a struggling attorney, owe...
A neo-nazi sentenced to community service at a ...
Chronic gambler and carouser "Little" Joe Jacks...
Young David Kinemon is a good-natured, easy-goi...
A contemporary, ensemble drama telling the comp...
Two wealthy sisters, both heiresses to their fa...
A high school slacker who's rejected by every s...
Happily unattached, the sexually voracious Leil...
An attempted robbery turns to be an unexpected ...
Roger is a failed petty criminal living in Stoc...
Göran buys a house in a suburb. It is in need o...
Jacob is a young man used to getting everything...
Helen Brent (Claire Trevor) has just received a...
A story of three female tourists who visit Hait...
Aging lawman Ben Stride burns a trail of murder...
Shirley lives with a lighthouse keeper (Kibbee)...
With his eye on a lovely aristocrat, a gifted i...
A 1948 adventure Technicolor romance film made ...
An industrialist is urged to run for President,...
Ex-Army officer Jameson takes a job a prison gu...
The Queen is an intimate behind the scenes glim...
The Film takes place in Paris,where two cops ar...
During a trip to Germany to scatter their grand...
During the first day of his new school year, a ...
Inspired by the true story of Vince Papale, a m...
A musical set in the Prohibition-era American S...
Remy Marco, Prohibition beer baron, figures he'...
In Majdal Shams, the largest Druze village in G...
Against the anxieties and fears of post-9/11 Am...
On his deathbed Carmine Vespucci's father tells...
A director's (Yves Montand) wife (Shirley MacLa...
An English mystery novelist invites a medium to...
The Laurel &amp; Hardy Moving Co. have a challe...
In this deceptively simple, nearly wordless tal...
Stan and Ollie try to deliver the deed to a val...
A beautiful and mysterious woman helps an inept...
In the midst of Nazi air raids, a postman dies ...
The boys get jobs as a butler and maid (Stan in...
It's 1938, but Stan doesn't know the war is ove...
The director Maurizio Nichetti is invited by a ...
As Magdalena's 15th birthday approaches, her si...
Josh's life is pretty much in the toilet. He's ...
A family in financial crisis is forced to sell ...
Alan is a musician who leaves a busted-up band ...
A sheriff investigating the disappearance of a ...
The clock strikes midnight, money changes hands...
After her widowed father dies, deaf teenager Do...
First and foremost, Frank Gehry is an artist. D...
This is a remake of Walter Scott's Ivanhoe. Iva...
Ronya lives happily in her father's castle unti...
Conny is a chemistry teacher who is framed for ...
The enthusiastic Reine is forced to take a job ...
Yrrol: An Enormously Well Thought Out Movie. Sk...
In 1920s Ireland young doctor Damien O'Donovan ...
Mitchum plays drifter cowboy Jim Garry. After r...
A lonely clerk attempts to win the love of a wo...
An Hungarian youth comes of age at Buchenwald d...
The CinemaScope film was based on a novel of th...
After burning Rome, Emperor Nero decides to bla...
A bizarre black comedy about a man whose overwh...
During the war a young lad is called up and, wi...
Members (Danny Dyer, Laura Harris, Tim McInnern...
Romain, 31, a photographer, learns that a malig...
The complicated life and controversial suicide ...
Four young men who belong to a supernatural leg...
After railroad agents forcibly evict the James ...
The Scar draws an intense psychological suspens...
Revolves around a young couple and their friend...
A seemingly ideal marriage is thrown into embar...
Overachieving actress, Rebecca (Moore), must co...
After serving time in prison, former drug addic...
A soft drink tainted with bio-chemicals has the...
To test its top-secret Human Hibernation Projec...
A growing number of Evangelical Christians beli...
On a fishing boat at sea, a 60-year old man has...
King Richard the Lionhearted launches a crusade...
Love and injury in time of war. Attilio de Giov...
A young man gets in over his head when he convi...
Spanning over one thousand years, and three par...
A second-class horror movie has to be shown at ...
Old professional killer Wagner seeks someone to...
One of the last bills signed by President Linco...
Poor Charlie Brown. He can't fly a kite, and he...
When Snoopy receives a letter from his original...
An Army medic brings his girlfriend to stay wit...
A man entranced by his dreams and imagination i...
The heartbreaking but hopeful tale of Danny Ken...
After winning his first competition, Takumi foc...
A cul-de-sac in an oppressive suburb becomes a ...
The crew of the merchant ship Glencairn hope to...
Lucas Marsh, an intern bent upon becoming a fir...
Lee Blanchard and Bucky Bleichert are former bo...
Set in 1965 New England, a troubled girl encoun...
"Everyone's Hero" is the heartwarming story of ...
Teenagers at a juvenile detention center, under...
Chronicles three years of a middle class family...
                                No overview found.
Boisterous nightclub entertainer Buzzy Bellew w...
Lisbon Story is Wim Wender’s homage to Lisbon a...
Four young recruits about to be sent to Vietnam...
After living abroad, Lana returns to the United...
After the death of his boss's wife, a young eng...
Three generations of men, including a pervert t...
Narrated by Gabriel Byrne (Usual Suspects, Vani...
Michael (Ajay Devgan) , Arjun (Vivek Oberoi) an...
Mondo Topless is a 1966 pseudo documentary dire...
The Bridge is the controversial documentary tha...
Vixen lives in a Canadian mountain resort with ...
A decaying New England town is the backdrop for...
The star attraction of the Piccadilly Club is t...
Laughton won an Oscar for his portrayal of the ...
Set in the Mayan civilization, when a man's idy...
A chronicle of an eccentric Italian-American fa...
A graduating poet/teacher falls in love with a ...
The adventures of the Lafayette Escadrille, you...
Jackass Number Two is a compilation of various ...
The story of an idealist's rise to power in the...
Reunited at a wedding after many years, former ...
In search of some adventure in their safe and p...
The story of Prince Stepán Kasátsky discovering...
At the end of WW II the Dutch resistance kills ...
Kazakh journalist Borat Sagdiyev travels to Ame...
Documentary portraying the actions of U.S. corp...
Living with her tyrannical stepfather in a new ...
Mongol chief Temujin battles against Tartar arm...
A high school swim champion with a troubled pas...
Boog, a domesticated 900lb. Grizzly bear finds ...
A young guy short on luck, enrolls in a class t...
This time around it's 1987, and new high school...
On the sidewalks of the London theater district...
A slick young Turk kidnapped by extraterrestria...
To take down South Boston's Irish Mafia, the po...
Chrissie and her friends set out on a road trip...
When he hears that the new female employee digs...
Alex Rider thinks he is a normal school boy, un...
A mysterious American gets mixed up with gunrun...
Hawaii, Oslo is the story of a handful of peopl...
A carny builds a gambling empire at the expense...
When a notorious German serial killer is captur...
Four explorers are summoned to Peru by the bril...
Young Augusten Burroughs absorbs experiences th...
The life of American public enemy number one wh...
   Prison inmates revolt against a sadistic guard.
An aspiring actress from Australia, Ellie Parke...
In Tokyo, a young woman is exposed to the same ...
The irreverent host of a political satire talk ...
A group of diamond thieves on the run kidnap th...
While researching his book In Cold Blood, write...
This amazing biblical drama chronicles the brav...
In the 1970s the North American Soccer League m...
Casanova is a libertine, collecting seductions ...
Beautiful young Virginian Jane steps down from ...
A documentary on Soviet filmmaker Aleksandr Med...
This film is based on the book about Vasili Iva...
Based on Michel Houellebecq's controversial nov...
Kummelin Jackpot, was released in February 2006...
Patrons locked inside of a bar are forced to fi...
Since women are banned from soccer matches, Ira...
The lives of two lovelorn spouses from separate...
Documentary filmmaker Amy Berg investigates the...
The young Austrian princess Marie Antoinette (N...
Johnny Kovak joins the Teamsters trade-union in...
A losing coach with an underdog football team f...
Tycoon J.L. Higgins controls his whole family, ...
Young Scottish doctor, Nicholas Garrigan decide...
A documentary on the life of John Lennon, with ...
A group of New Yorkers caught up in their milie...
Thomas is a talented computer programmer living...
In 2027, in a chaotic world in which humans can...
A mysterious story of two magicians whose inten...
There were five Marines and one Navy Corpsman p...
A headstrong 16 year old Katy McLaughlin desire...
A recently engaged woman's life is thrown into ...
Anna, 17 years old, is happy to throw her first...
The picture opens in Krasnoyarsk, Siberia, in l...
Thousands of years ago in ancient China, a love...
The mastermind behind a ubiquitous spy operatio...
Dito Montiel, a successful author, receives a c...
Young assassins Azumi and Nagara continue their...
Sebastian, a young man, has decided to follow i...
Jigsaw has disappeared. Along with his new appr...
The true story of anti-apartheid activists in S...
A fictional investigative documentary looks bac...
Emily Lindstrom, 14, is an aspiring concert vio...
Diederich Heßling is scared of everything and e...
At the end of 1918 while civil war is raging on...
During WWII the valet to the British Ambassador...
After his girlfriend, Julie and two best friend...
Major Vickers is an Officer in the 27th Lancers...
The movie is set in the remote chinese province...
Loosely based on two short stories by Edgar All...
London high-society mouse, Roddy is flushed dow...
Jean-Baptiste Grenouille, born in the stench of...
Story of international intrigue involving a uni...
Now that Santa and Mrs. Claus have the North Po...
Cooper is an actor who sees life as one big par...
Wealthy American Jervis Pendleton III (Fred Ast...
Teenager Tereska comes from poor family and has...
Seven short films - each one focused on the pli...
At Kichijōji Station, Tokyo, Taku Morisaki glim...
MAD DOGS &amp; ENGLISHMAN: A great film and is ...
Adam Lemp, the Dean of the Briarwood Music Foun...
Phoebe Titus is a tough, swaggering pioneer wom...
Life at home changes when a housewife from a mi...
Ralph Burton is a miner who is trapped for seve...
Emperor Spengo sees Marge Nelson and using a gi...
A handful of men and women of a certain age pic...
In this spoof of "March of the Penguins," natur...
A poor otter family risks everything for the ch...
Failed London banker Max Skinner inherits his u...
Shut Up and Sing is a documentary about the cou...
Hiroshi wakes up in a hospital room and realize...
In occupied Berlin, an army captain is torn bet...
Joanna Mills has a successful career but feels ...
Three actors learn that their respective perfor...
This documentary follows the 2002 mayoral campa...
Sarah Barcant, a lawyer in New York City who gr...
A documentary on the expletive's origin, why it...
Two westerners, a priest and a teacher find the...
Le Chiffre, a banker to the world's terrorists,...
Into the world of the Emperor Penguins, who fin...
When a career criminal's plan for revenge is th...
Called in to recover evidence in the aftermath ...
In 1968 the lives of a retired doorman, hotel m...
Two neighbors have it out after one of them dec...
An actor who is considering the role of a super...
Two women, one (Cameron Diaz) from America and ...
A young promoter (Mature) is accused of the mur...
The story of a social and sports club in a Buen...
A drama focused on the friendship between a hig...
Jim Davis is an ex-Army Ranger who finds himsel...
It's 3:07am and two girls burst into a run down...
Based on a true story of serial killer a model ...
Inspired by author Eric Schlosser's New York Ti...
In this classic adaptation of Emile Zola's nove...
A mysteriously linked pair of young women find ...
Min, the owner of a dockside hotel, is forced t...
Brash hoodlum Tom Connors enters Sing Sing cock...
The clerk at the train station is assaulted and...
Simon, a deeply religious man living in the 4th...
In Venice Beach, naive Midwesterner JB bonds wi...
Two romantic couples are each married to differ...
Detective Guy Johnson's client, Willie Heywood,...
Secret agent OSS 117 foils Nazis, beds local be...
Strangers trapped at an eerie travel oasis in t...
Tacey and Harry King are a suburban couple with...
In the early 20th century, some convicts while ...
A boy experiences first love, friendships and i...
Documentary about Robert Moog who was an Americ...
Mary and Joseph make the hard journey to Bethle...
Taj Mahal Badalandabad leaves Coolidge College ...
A group of young backpackers' vacation turns so...
An ex-mercenary turned smuggler. A Mende fisher...
A countess from Transylvania seeks a psychiatri...
In the Fabulous Thirties, Doc Savage and his fi...
The lost city of Kuma is ruled by the cruel, ar...
As election time nears, current Triad chairman ...
Five disparate kids snowed in at the airport on...
An aging, disillusioned alcoholic (Nick Nolte) ...
Wilbur the pig is scared of the end of the seas...
In his homeland of Alagaesia, a farm boy happen...
When he loses a highly publicized virtual boxin...
Squatters live on a mothballed oil tanker in th...
In 1958 New York Diane Arbus is a housewife and...
Harold Meadows (Lloyd) is a shy, stuttering bac...
Adapted by R.C. Sherriff from Guy Gibson's book...
Zombie Honeymoon is a gore-soaked exploration o...
In the dirtiest, funniest, most scandalous gay-...
When a fellow scientist asks for Jack's help in...
A love story about a young man who runs away up...
In World War I London, Myra is an American out ...
Lil works for the Legendre Company and causes B...
The fictionalized story of Daniel, the son of P...
Pete St. John is a powerful and successful poli...
This retelling of the classic tale of James Hil...
The true story of a British effort to trick the...
A young rape victim tries desperately to pick u...
A British medical doctor fights a cholera outbr...
When a plane crash claims the lives of members ...
The story takes place in a alternate postwar pe...
The Plague Dogs is a 1982 animated film based o...
Edward Wilson, the only witness to his father's...
Three young women – Deena Jones, Effie White an...
Mélanie Prouvost, a ten-year-old butcher's daug...
What if...September 11th was not a surprise att...
A documentary that exposes the shocking truths ...
An adaptation of nine stories from Bocaccio's "...
A young teacher inspires her class of at-risk s...
In August 2005, the American city of New Orlean...
Louis Trebor, a man nearing 70, lives alone wit...
In this unflinching German drama by Rainer Wern...
An actress's perception of reality becomes incr...
Rome, AD 303. Emperor Diocletian demotes his fa...
As influential Italian artist Caravaggio dies i...
A transsexual who survives prostituting herself...
The story of an unruly class of bright, funny h...
A veteran high school teacher befriends a young...
Six actors go to graveyard on a remote island t...
Eddie Lomax (Jean-Claude Van Damme) is a drifte...
In this low-budget thriller, Peter Lorre plays ...
Twenty-something Freddy is becalmed in a podunk...
Four beautiful rivals at an invitation-only mar...
During China's Tang dynasty the emperor has tak...
Forty-year-old Andreas arrives in a strange cit...
Somewhere behind the early 1960s cold-war iron ...
An American journalist played by George Clooney...
Winner of the Audience Award for Best Narrative...
The story of the battle of Iwo Jima between the...
Starstruck Indiana small-town girl Lily is pest...
An escaped maniac returns to his childhood home...
An alliance of evil-doers, led by Frieda, looks...
The day after they get the word they'll go home...
Cedric the Entertainer plays Jake, a seemingly ...
After the death of his younger brother, a troub...
The story of Beatrix Potter, the author of the ...
Arthur is a spirited ten-year old whose parents...
In Seoul, parts not matching of severed copses ...
Annabelle is the wise-beyond-her-years newcomer...
The movie will shift its focus on Erik Stifler,...
A wedding invite from an estranged sibiling ins...
Delphine and Solange are two sisters living in ...
German journalist Philip Winter has a case of w...
David and Bathsheba is a 1951 historical epic f...
Two old pals reunite for a camping trip in Oreg...
907 AD, the Tang Dynasty in China. The movie is...
Maurice is an aging veteran actor who becomes a...
The story of Alex, a copy-writer dreaming of be...
Rosario Tijeras has been abused by men all her ...
American Madness is a film from director Frank ...
After his battles with the communist mayor Pepp...
In a village of the Po valley where the earth i...
This atmospheric, violent thriller revolves aro...
Mickael's family is struggling (they don't have...
Alain Moreau sings for one of the few remaining...
A news team is sent to Burundi to capture and b...
Johnny Truelove likes to see himself as tough. ...
While driving through the New Mexico Desert dur...
The clues to a young woman's death come togethe...
Outside time and reality, the experiences of a ...
Nine strangers wake up in a house with no recol...
A twin takes her deceased sister's place as wif...
A manager of an orphanage in India is sent to C...
To save her relationship, a woman puts herself ...
Into Great Silence (German: Die Große Stille) i...
A very old woman wants to have dinner with her ...
The Wongs struggle to cope with life, love, and...
Luke Wilson plays a good-hearted ex-con who get...
A man who runs an apartment house for women is ...
A group of four high school girls decide to put...
The newly named emperor Maximilian and his wife...
This is the first film of Theo Angelopoulos' tr...
Two teenage girls, both named Marie, decide tha...
Jesse Aarons trained all summer to become the f...
An unemployed slacker (Lange) inspires his soft...
Helena and Martins vacation to Ireland quickly ...
Stan works in drudgery at a slaughterhouse. His...
Told in four episodes, an unnamed artist is tra...
The Welsh nutters, Dirty Sanchez are making a m...
An aspiring young writer (Jackson) tracks a lit...
Oshare (Gorgeous) is excited about spending sum...
From the biggest festival to the smallest churc...
49 Up is the seventh film in a series of landma...
Jenna is a pregnant, unhappily married waitress...
Interviews with leading authors, philosophers, ...
Zach Riley (Aaron Eckhart) is a psychiatrist, w...
A group of British children aged 7 from widely ...
After a 7 year wait, director Michael Apted rev...
An errant salaryman's son gets lost until a man...
On 07 January 1972, the South Korean base in Na...
Gray Wheeler just lost everything. But it could...
When a Las Vegas performer-turned-snitch named ...
A young teenage werewolf is torn between honori...
When Edward, Peter, Lucy and Susan each follow ...
When the Solomons trade in the craziness of big...
In an effort to prevent family history from rep...
The story of the early, murderous roots of the ...
A mild-mannered guy who is engaged to a monstro...
Dracula travels to the American West, intent on...
In 1939, Sakura Nishi is a young army nurse who...
An IT company hires an actor to serve as the co...
In the 1980s, ruthless Colombian cocaine barons...
In the late 1940's, Martha Beck and Raymond Fer...
A rat named Remy dreams of becoming a great Fre...
Martijn, an idealistic Dutch pianist, travels t...
Izo is an assassin in the service of a Tosa lor...
Lola, is a 1961 film, the debut film directed b...
Years ago, there was a place called The Land of...
Olivier Assayas, Gus Van Sant, Wes Craven and A...
Texan Charles Farmer left the Air Force as a yo...
The psychological thriller "Murk" tells the sto...
While Ron Burgundy's rivalry with Veronica Corn...
Chan, an articulate senior detective nearing th...
When a good-natured factory supervisor living i...
A visit to a natural history museum proves cata...
Myron Breckinridge flies to Europe to get a sex...
An unlikely Hollywood hooker helps a detective ...
The Hans Christian Anderson tale gets a new tre...
The story follows Danika, a woman whose fears f...
During WWII, four North African men enlist in t...
                                No overview found.
A teen involved in the world of underground box...
This lavish small-screen adaptation of Homer's ...
Five men wake up in a locked-down warehouse wit...
A typically Beatlesque film originally produced...
'Ringers: Lord of the Fans' is a feature-length...
Umekichi, a geisha in the Gion district of Kyot...
Set in a separate storyline not related to the ...
In order to save his dying father, young stunt ...
Eric O'Neill, a computer specialist who wants t...
Monty is a mechanic struggling to make ends mee...
A washed up singer is given a couple days to co...
Walter Sparrow is an animal control officer tha...
A rag-tag team of Reno cops are called in to sa...
A God-fearing bluesman takes to a wild young wo...
Sam and Gray are such a well-matched pair that ...
"Be with me" consists of three stories of love ...
A street-smart pool player falls in with a pack...
                                               NaN
Young Jiro finds his mother and sister murdered...
When college rock darlings the Pixies broke up ...
A Turkish man, whose wife died while giving bir...
In the mid-1960s, wealthy debutant Edie Sedgwic...
Kitty runs a brothel in Nazi Germany where the ...
When a sixteen-year-old girl from the Ukraine, ...
A day in the life of a group of troubled 15-yea...
Another young boy with 'hoop dreams' finds an o...
While diving for sunken treasure, street-smart ...
When a liquor store owner finds a case of "Tena...
High schooler Kiroku Nanbu yearns for the prim,...
In 1950, 28-year-old outlaw Salvatore Giuliano ...
Once he was a handsome, fearless test pilot. ow...
A band of satanist hippies roll into a town and...
Top London cop, PC Nicholas Angel is good. Too ...
A sophisticated con man mounts an intricate pla...
The anti-Ching patriots, under the guidance of ...
An insane surgeon's obsession with an actress l...
After Billy Jack in sentenced to four years in ...
An Eskimo who has had little contact with white...
Based on real events, Canada's most notorious s...
Titta di Girolamo has been living in a small ho...
The story is set at the beginning of the 20th c...
The movie show us how life was in Argentina for...
When a leopard escapes during a publicity stunt...
A man in his thirties does not want to be like ...
Emil Svensson lives with his mother and father,...
Based on the true story of a Russian serial kil...
Cats is a pop-cultural phenomenon that has been...
Glimpses of Chaucer penning his famous work are...
As an awkward idealistic high school teacher be...
Las Vegas showroom magician Cris Johnson has a ...
Set in a blighted, inner-city neighbourhood of ...
In Tangiers where he traveled for his work, a m...
GOD GREW TIRED OF US explores the indomitable s...
An opus in three parts, Iraq In Fragments offer...
The true story of William Wilberforce's courage...
The Lebanese has a dream: to conquer the underw...
On their way to Spring Break, college kids take...
Harry Valentini and Moe Dickstein are both erra...
Although awkward college student Todd Howard is...
Near the Tiber river, in a Roman park, a prosti...
A group of thieves attempt to rob an art galler...
The true story of the investigation of 'The Zod...
In this third installment of the 'Pusher' trilo...
Small-farmer Pasi shoots four policemen who hav...
The first installment of this Emmy award-winnin...
A man's family brought back from the verge of d...
A woman returning home falls asleep and has viv...
Restless and ready for adventure, four suburban...
A married man (Leo Grillo) meets a beautiful wo...
A top Hollywood talent agent finds his cushy ex...
In spring 1938 in the mountains in the north of...
Based on a true story. In the 70s, during the l...
Dudley Moore plays a composer who suspects his ...
George Orr, a man whose dreams can change wakin...
Three different stories come to life in this se...
Drifter Cole Harden is accused of stealing a ho...
When his wealthy grandfather finally dies, Jaso...
Based on Frank Miller's graphic novel, "300" is...
A film producer who was adopted as a baby and s...
The assassination of the would be ruler of Rome...
The three Craig sisters, Penny, Kay, and Joan, ...
A grandson of a recently deceased millionaire m...
In 1985, against the backdrop of Thatcherism, B...
Two siblings begin to develop special talents a...
A beautiful young gold-digger mistakes a lowly ...
Gang-du is a dim-witted man working at his fath...
A young Anatolian Greek, entrusted with his fam...
The film takes place in 1973 during the Yom Kip...
The first U.S.-made film drama set during the I...
Hitman Dekker is on his last job, out to kill t...
Chinese stowaway Mei Li arrives in San Francisc...
A biographical portrait of a pre-fame Jane Aust...
A dirty bomb goes off in Los Angeles, jamming f...
Focuses on a working class girl who is struggli...
American-born Gogol, the son of Indian immigran...
The movie starts at the 1998 bomb attack by the...
Years of warfare end in a Japan unified under t...
A former Imperial Russian general and cousin of...
Richard Cooper (Rock) is a married man and fath...
Ethan Jenkins (Michael W. Smith) and Jake Sande...
Val Xavier, a drifter of obscure origins, arriv...
Juvenile delinquents gets sent to a small Briti...
Dr Sánchez Blanch owns and operates a psychiatr...
A depressed housewife who learns her husband wa...
Jamie returns to his hometown in search of answ...
A man who lost his family in the September 11 a...
In this uplifting film based on a true story, c...
A marksman living in exile is coaxed back into ...
A group of National Guard trainees find themsel...
After the defeat of their old arch nemesis, The...
Set in 2002, an abandoned 5-year-old boy living...
Stewart Kane, an Irishman living in the Austral...
Athos Magnani, a young researcher, returns to T...
The Nomad is a historical epic set in 18th-cent...
A detective tries to prevent the assassination ...
A young woman arrives in Paris where she finds ...
In the Nazi-occupied Netherlands during World W...
A look at the relationship between a young blin...
A young woman who lives in a desert trailer par...
Toshirō Mifune plays a young idealistic doctor ...
A semi-autobiographical account of Makmahlbaf's...
Khorshid lives with his mom in a house near a r...
In its minimal and non-traditional plot, the ma...
A young man invites a group of his closest frie...
The musical biopic of jazz great Red Nichols fe...
In the 21st century Bucharest to get out in the...
In this gothic tale, a housekeeper tries to jug...
"Ni Pour, Ni Contre" tracks the fall of a young...
As the kingdom of Devigarh comes apart at the s...
A young man spurs romance and helps his friend ...
Karrer plods his way through life in quiet desp...
Nick Ferraro, deported crime boss, needs to re-...
Mob drama starring Ray 'Boom Boom' Mancini, Mia...
After botching the capture of a notorious seria...
Story of a friendship between an eccentric jour...
Chris is a once promising high school athlete w...
When a much-publicized ice-skating scandal stri...
The tiny village in the far north of Sweden cal...
Following her son's death, Victoria moves to a ...
Newlyweds Nick (Ice Cube) and Suzanne (Long) de...
Katherine Morrissey, a former Christian mission...
Rexxx, Hollywood's top canine star, gets lost a...
In this animated adventure, brilliant preteen i...
Inspired by Steven Blush's book "American Hardc...
Set in Europe during WWII, a group of American ...
The Civil War has ended, but Colonel Morsman Ca...
After tricking him into marriage, a woman (Ann ...
Fifty years into the future, the sun is dying, ...
Judge Priest, a proud Confederate veteran, rest...
A fictionalised exploration of Beethoven's life...
Eugenia is the queen of an imaginary European c...
In what would cause a fantastic media frenzy, C...
The Biddle brothers, shot while robbing a gas s...
"A," a Greek filmmaker living in exile in the U...
Les Chevaliers du ciel (English: Sky Fighters) ...
An army cadet accompanies an irascible, blind c...
A radio play is going to go on air at a Tokyo r...
Bitter and hateful, the Grinch is irritated at ...
It is 300 years into the future. Earth's enviro...
Painter Francisco Goya faces a scandal involvin...
A journalist goes undercover to ferret out busi...
Kale is a 17-year-old placed under house arrest...
A Viking boy is left behind after his clan batt...
An action epic that explores the origins of the...
A self-serving journalist (George Sanders) uses...
After being released on parole, a burglar attem...
Tristana is a young Spanish woman left to the c...
When her inability to commit leads to a breakup...
A district attorney (Ray Liotta) is involved in...
A gorgeous young automobile fanatic--and front ...
Country girl Yu Hong leaves her village, her fa...
Both sober and sobering, producer-director Emil...
A member of British Intelligence assumes a fict...
A swirling, impressionistic portrait of an arti...
Falsely accused Warsaw art museum assistant goe...
A terminally ill man falls in love with a woman...
Charles Dexter Ward's wife enlists the help of ...
Attempting to recover from a recent family trau...
A husband is on trial for the attempted murder ...
A frustrated, unemployed teacher joins forces w...
Stymied by writer's block while crafting his la...
A nightclub singer uses alcohol in excess to so...
Someone in a prison run by a corrupt warden fak...
A young married couple becomes stranded at an i...
               Phony spiritualist raises the dead.
A 14-year-old video enthusiast is so caught up ...
After a bad breakup with his girlfriend leaves ...
A mockumentary that follows three couples as th...
A scientist kills innocent victims in his effor...
Mr. Bean wins a trip to Cannes where he unwitti...
Filmmaker Grace Lee leaves her Missouri home to...
This movie follows a day in the life of two Dub...
After an attack leaves him in limbo -- invisibl...
"Kickin' It Old Skool" revolves around a 12-yea...
Jack Conrad is awaiting the death penalty in a ...
The seemingly invincible Spider-Man goes up aga...
A professional poker player whose astounding lu...
The owner of a bank (Miss Bitterman) wants to o...
A New Mexico cattle man and his strong-willed d...
After another 7 year wait, director Michael Apt...
A married couple decides to test the boundaries...
In a poor district of Edo lives a young samurai...
Driven by passion fed from a life-long fascinat...
"Occident" is a bitter comedy about the people ...
A study of a relationship that starts quickly, ...
Something bizarre has come over the land. The k...
War-veteran truck driver "Nick" Garcos (Conte) ...
In New York, people are slain and strangled to ...
A secretary's life changes in unexpected ways a...
Innocent lives hang on the whim of an elusive p...
In the late 1930s, a young machinist named Maur...
Diggers is a coming-of-age story directed by Ka...
When his lawyer wife, Sofia, becomes pregnant, ...
As the first snow falls in Seoul, two old frien...
When a machine that allows therapists to enter ...
Based on the incredible true story of amateur c...
Sylvia Scarlett and her father, Henry, flee Fra...
The story of a platoon during the Korean War. O...
A Buddhist meditation on the mysteries of love ...
Jackie is a CCTV operator. Each day, she watche...
Based on elements from the stories of Mark Twai...
Nogreh is a young Afghani woman living with her...
A man who serves in the war between the forces ...
A story about a troubled boy growing up in Engl...
Hong Kong nihilism. December 22, a street quarr...
A man coping with the institutionalization of h...
For fun loving party animal Ben Stone, the last...
Pleasantly plump teenager, Tracy Turnblad and h...
Halfway between a sports documentary and an con...
A rich man's son (Yuen Biao) believes himself t...
In this chilling sequel to 28 Days Later, the i...
Georgia Rule follows a rebellious, uncontrollab...
Three bumbling Army reservists are hustled onto...
Cousins Thomas and David, owners of a mobile re...
Featuring never-before-seen footage, this docum...
Dennis Carson has lived in Indochina all his li...
When a sheriff arrests a writer, a family, a co...
Kon Ichikawa documents the 1964 Summer Olympics...
It was Leonora Eames' childhood dream come true...
The biker Anne has a violent one night stand wi...
The King of Far Far Away has died and Shrek and...
A vacuum repairman moonlights as a street music...
Captain Barbossa, long believed to be dead, has...
A lonely waitress with a tragic past, Agnes roo...
A psychological thriller about a man who is som...
A young reporter (Lucy Liu) wakes up and realis...
This is the story of a teenager named Gracie Bo...
After retrieving the Crystal Skull in Utah, Fly...
When a magical artifact is lifted from his libr...
Many years after her notorious husband, Henry F...
While watching for a planet that may collide wi...
Through interviews and recreation, Zoo tells th...
Young-Goon works at manufacturing plant assembl...
Dragon Tiger Gate is a 2006 Hong Kong martial a...
The New Zealand made "Eagle vs Shark" is the ta...
"88 Minutes" focuses on a college professor (Pa...
Italy, 1916. Oreste Jacovacci and Giovanni Busa...
Brothers John and Matt have inherited an island...
A 19 year-old girl prepares to become a suicide...
After a painful breakup, Ben develops insomnia....
Danny Ocean's team of criminals are back and co...
Lucas and Clementine live peacefully in their i...
André Demester secretly and painfully loves Bar...
A story within a story within a story. In Austr...
A group of young people leaves a disco and bump...
A group of kids grow up on the short, wrong (ea...
The Earth is headed for disaster and when an ar...
The aftermath of the Oxygen Destroyer brings fo...
Time travelers from the 23rd century return to ...
A new crew member has to deal with a sea captai...
In 1903, Doctor Huntington Bailey (Brent) meets...
Isao Yukisada spins this gritty coming-of-age t...
The harrowing story of a disturbed young man's ...
Following a geographical tour of Slovakia, thre...
An assistant D.A. takes a shoplifter home with ...
The teenager and skateboarder Alex is interview...
A TV adaptation of Washington Irving's classic ...
A pair of smugglers manage to pick up a castawa...
Cody is a surfing penguin from Shiverpool who d...
The Fantastic Four return to the big screen as ...
Intrepid teenage private eye Nancy Drew heads t...
Timmy Robinson's best friend in the whole wide ...
Fiona is the manager of a fast-food restaurant....
After semi-truck driver Teri Horton bought a la...
Austin's hottest DJ, Jungle Julia, sets out int...
Ro-Man, an alien robot who greatly resembles a ...
A US Fighter pilot's epic struggle of survival ...
Set in mid-Europe sometime in the late 18th cen...
While working on a novel in his country home in...
Sex sells in America and these guys know it. Th...
As a writer named Mike struggles to shepherd hi...
Caught by tabloid paparazzi with his mistress E...
Michael Curtiz's epic Western stars Errol Flynn...
Tilo, the titular "Mistresses of Spices" is a s...
Jenny is young. Her life is over. She killed so...
Anna, a young theology graduate, starts work as...
  A coming-of-age drama set in contemporary Italy.
The murder of a prostitute in Nazi occupied War...
  A magistrate investigates a corporate executive.
A scientist uses his invention - the "Menger Sp...
When an ambulatory TV news unit live broadcasts...
Broke and alone on New Year's Eve, Wilson just ...
Classic tale of a girl named Alice who follows ...
Using a specially designed transparent 'canvas'...
A friendship is formed between an ex-gangster, ...
A transfer student at a rough high school tries...
The true story of a young woman named Sybil, wh...
This fake documentary which appears quite real ...
This deceptively simple tale of a bored English...
In a film based on actual events, teenagers Nat...
A look at Communist musicals that strove to be ...
Ventriloquist Jerry Morgan has failed with anot...
O.C. and Stiggs aren't your average unhappy tee...
In a dreary North London flat, the site of perp...
A 1950s used-car salesman (Patrick Warburton) w...
After World War II, a small French village stru...
Francis Ashby, a senior Oxford don on holiday a...
Abandoned by her fiancé, an educated negro woma...
When an injury bars him from pursuing his trade...
When Naomi, a young refugee from Nazi-occupied ...
Tempted away from Newcastle United to join Real...
Cheech &amp; Chong are invited to a celebrity p...
Swope is the only black man on the executive bo...
A series of three documentaries about the use o...
"The Trials of Darryl Hunt" is a feature docume...
This sprawling, surrealist musical serves as an...
Sicko is a Michael Moore documentary about the ...
Two boys grow up together in town of Pajala at ...
Awesome; I Fuckin' Shot That! is a 2006 concert...
Tom Lee is a sensitive boy of 17 whose lack of ...
The Three Musketeers rescue the king's unjustly...
Based on Mariane Pearl's account of the terrify...
A man who specializes in debunking paranormal o...
Chaos ensues when a man tries to expose a dark ...
The shy son of an aging comedienne tries to fin...
A biplane pilot is saddled with a spoiled indus...
John McClane is back and badder than ever, and ...
Newly engaged, Ben and Sadie can't wait to star...
As Constance (Natasha Richardson) and Nina (Ton...
God contacts Congressman Evan Baxter and tells ...
Young teenager, Sam Witwicky becomes involved i...
The sought-after images of top model, Jennifer,...
Returning for his fifth year of study at Hogwar...
Firefighters Chuck Ford and Larry Valentine are...
Benson, is a Casanova who tricks women into hav...
Police Lieutenant Lon McQ investigates the kill...
Malcolm Anderson is a reporter for a Miami news...
Two men have different motivations but the same...
Story of a cop who forsakes his dreams of saili...
Arn, the son of a high-ranking Swedish nobleman...
A shy teenage boy trying to escape the influenc...
A psychic's ominous reading sends a man into a ...
Indian scout Tom Jeffords (James Stewart) is se...
Ted Ryker is the top salesman in the New York o...
Ting-yin, a young novelist, is struggling to co...
Georgia farm boy Will Stockdale is about to bus...
MANUFACTURED LANDSCAPES is the striking new doc...
Musical based on The Beatles songbook and set i...
Nora Wilder (Parker Posey), a single, career wo...
Together with his teenage sister and a horde of...
The classic Bullwinkle villains Boris and Natas...
Two students from neighboring colleges in upsta...
With the help of government-issued pamphlets, a...
World War I ace Dick Courtney derides the leade...
In the Northwest Frontier of India, the 41st Be...
Dark fairytale about a demonic doctor who abduc...
If you've never been good at anything in your l...
Dorian realizes he is gay in his final year of ...
Lucy wakes up in bed with a stranger and obviou...
For Rod Kimball, performing stunts is a way of ...
In a countryside town bordering on a magical la...
A murderer is brought to court and only Miss Ma...
When "street smart" rapper Christopher "C-Note"...
Creatures, bound by the blood of the wolf, that...
After Homer accidentally pollutes the town's wa...
An idyllic small town is rocked when Aubrey Fle...
Master chef Kate Armstrong runs her life and he...
A lab accident gives a hound named Shoeshine so...
Awkward teenager Charlie Bartlett (Anton Yelchi...
The rise and fall of salsa singer, Héctor Lavoe...
Bourne is brought out of hiding once again by r...
The popular Bratz dolls come to life in their f...
A budding gangster enthralls a freeloading youn...
                                               NaN
Catherine refuses to believe that her business ...
While drying out on the West Coast, an alcoholi...
A lyrical telling of the coming of age of a 13-...
A Japanese actress begins having strange vision...
"China Blue" is an engrossing documentary that ...
A man receives a mysterious e-mail appearing to...
Juha is 38 years old and has three small childr...
Eva Lovelace, would-be actress trying to crash ...
Two students from the Czech Film Academy commis...
It's the 22nd of December. Sixteen years have p...
The "Trinity" crew makes another modern era fil...
A teacher tries to overcome his frustration tea...
The terrible and trecherous Pendragon plans to ...
The publicist Claudio and the housewife and cho...
A psychic's girlfriend finds out that a lump on...
Based on the play by August Strindberg, Miss Ju...
High school best buddies are facing separation ...
Arctic Tale is a 2007 documentary film from the...
The arrival of a newborn girl causes the gradua...
The story of Washington D.C. radio personality ...
Set in Spain, the story is about friendship and...
A Ronald Reagan-obsessed serial killer targets ...
High-ranking officers struggle with the decisio...
The little nomad girl, Nansal, finds a baby dog...
This engrossing dramatization of the life of Ab...
A rookie policeman from provincial Le Havre vol...
An 18th century European village is haunted by ...
Straight from the front lines in Iraq, THE WAR ...
Up-and-coming sports reporter rescues a homeles...
American Pastime tells a poignant story set aga...
A wannabe surfer parties on the French Riviera ...
Molière, a down-and-out actor-cum-playwright up...
After an attempted assassination on Ambassador ...
David Markey's documentary of life on the road ...
As the Roman empire crumbles, young Romulus Aug...
A University teacher finds three bright student...
French adaption of DH Lawrence's infamous novel...
A love-struck landlord tries to convince a pret...
Randy Daytona was a child ping pong prodigy who...
A modern retelling of Snow White set against st...
A team of U.S. government agents is sent to inv...
Two college students share a ride home for the ...
Hal, a 15-year-old high-school student with a m...
Jones covers what he believes are terrorist att...
Seeking to offer his son the satisfying summer ...
Washington, D.C. psychologist Carol Bennell and...
FBI agent Jack Crawford is out for revenge when...
After the gangsters who killed his father come ...
A college graduate goes to work as a nanny for ...
A story set against the Mountain Meadows Massac...
After being committed for 17 years, Michael Mye...
Nick Hume is a mild-mannered executive with a p...
Adam Goldberg delivers "an uproarious study in ...
In 1990, as a boy, Giulio was chased through th...
Centring on the activities of a gang of assorte...
Half-breed Keoma returns to his border hometown...
History Professor Brad Fletcher heads west for ...
While a Mexican revolutionary lies low as a U.S...
In this hilarious arcade showdown, a humble nov...
This film, originally made for tv, stars Willia...
Before being extradited to Africa to stand tria...
The next great psycho horror slasher has given ...
This is a unique film in Disney Production's hi...
A pair of well-meaning, but socially inept brot...
The opening titles explain that American corpor...
A troubled actor, a television show runner, and...
A young woman is terrorized by her fiance's dem...
When Camille falls ill, she is forced to live w...
Une petite ville de province, au milieu des ann...
Gary, a musician, is trapped in an unhappy rela...
After a tied 1st place in a local stunt race, t...
Seven (or six - depending on the version) short...
Two doctors find their graveyard shift inundate...
In Arizona in the late 1800's, infamous outlaw ...
A man named Mr. Smith delivers a woman's baby d...
Ten stories, each inspired by one of the ten co...
Kevin Smith interacts in Q&amp;A sessions throu...
John Gotti, the head of a small New York mafia ...
Francesca and Walter are two-bit criminals in N...
A massage therapist looking to overcome her add...
As a 13-year-old, fledgling writer Briony Talli...
Follows the history of two robots, the members ...
A personal portrait of filmmaker Guy Maddin's h...
Michaela, an epileptic, enrolls in college to s...
Gabita is pregnant, abortion is strictly forbid...
Chronological look at the fiasco in Iraq, espec...
Mercenary John Seeger is one of the best in the...
Bathsheba Everdine, a willful, flirtatious, you...
A woman struggles to recover from a brutal atta...
A career officer and his wife work with a polic...
A young idealistic English filmmaker, Sue, arri...
This movie follows a mother who falls for a you...
Two Americans sharing a flat in Paris, playwrig...
For many years, four teenage orphans at an Aust...
Liam Liu unwittingly gets involved with a high ...
An emerging journalist (Jesse Eisenberg), an ex...
A Russian teenager living in London who dies du...
Set against the backdrop of a decaying Midweste...
A young woman's passion has a remarkable effect...
Brooklyn, 1985. With the mob world as a backdro...
An Unreasonable Man is a 2006 documentary film ...
Chronological exploits of Iwao Enokizu, a murde...
When mysterious foreign entrepreneurs appear wi...
Archival material from the original NASA film f...
Stephanie collapses in a pool of blood while on...
Flighty Emily "Jacks" Jackson works for the Bri...
Former CIA Operative, James Dial is coaxed back...
After falling out with his editor, a fading pol...
A DEA agent provides former Marine Tim Kearney ...
In Paris, six people all look for love, despite...
Eddie Kenner (Robert Stack) is given a special ...
Years after the Racoon City catastrophe, surviv...
Taken aback by his mother's wedding announcemen...
Cursed since childhood, dentist Charlie Kagan c...
The true story of top student and athlete, Chri...
Bachelor football star Joe Kingman seems to hav...
During World War II a secret agent must seduce,...
A meditation on love and its various incarnatio...
The story begins with a regular Joe who tries d...
A boy's life is turned upside down when he lear...
Eddie, the 40-year-old confirmed bachelor final...
Advice columnist, Dan Burns is an expert on rel...
Three American brothers who have not spoken to ...
A New York nightclub manager tries to save his ...
When Queen Elizabeth's reign is threatened by r...
A law firm brings in its 'fixer' to remedy the ...
On his sprawling country estate, an aging write...
Sometimes you find love where you'd least expec...
This is the story of an isolated Alaskan town t...
When an Egyptian terrorism suspect "disappears"...
A recent widow invites her husband's troubled b...
Two fathers' lives intersect when one of them i...
When 4 year old Amanda McCready disappears from...
A comedy that spoofs the inspirational sports m...
A pair of slackers get in way over their heads ...
In the film, Solo is a down-on-his-luck writer ...
An uptight professional meets his lower-class b...
Humouristic reconstruction of the 1995 scandal ...
There is instant chemistry between Alice (Gilli...
Man was made to be happy for simple reasons and...
Outlaw Jesse James is rumored be the 'fastest g...
The film begins with a discussion between Rouch...
Based on the Hemingway novel To Have and Have N...
Ten-year-old Joey returns home from the special...
A former street tough returns to his Philadelph...
BEAUFORT tells the story of LIRAZ LIBERTI, the ...
An American accountant bombarded with cable new...
A literary agent moves into a penthouse apartme...
Maggie, a quiet retiring grandmother, finds her...
When an old high school crush returns to his sm...
Sam Gifford remembers : In prewar years he was ...
True story of Kent Stock, who in the early 90's...
In 1970s Iran, Marjane 'Marji' Statrapi watches...
Control is the biography of Joy Division lead s...
Six Californians start a club to discuss the wo...
In 1986, Louis Malle, himself a transplant to t...
  Vampires terrorize a city in Norrbotten, Sweden.
Three friends since childhood are trying to wor...
A barkeeper saves a Yakuza boss' life and thus ...
The story of two die-hard hippies, trying to li...
A child escapes from Poland during World War II...
A group of people who feel betrayed by their go...
Ginette, Rita, Jacqueline and Jane try to find ...
In the Arctic region of Northern Alaska, an oil...
Based on the best-selling novel by Alessandro B...
Mary Stuart, who was named Queen of Scotland wh...
With the California Gold Rush beginning, Senato...
Life has its downs for James, living with his m...
"Michael Moore doesn't like documentaries. That...
A genetic engineering experiment gone horribly ...
Nejat seems disapproving about his widower fath...
The film is about the difficulty of maintaining...
Jigsaw and his apprentice Amanda are dead. Now,...
Henry Durand is a young federal agent who is gi...
An exploration of the intersection between reli...
A successful doctor, Yukio's picture perfect li...
Ruth Earlton has come home to her ancestral man...
This is the hard and shocking story of life in ...
The workers of a dye factory have their pay cut...
A young kid (Pinkston) is forced to live out th...
Shipwrecked fugitives try to escape a brutal se...
Two children in the Viking age find their way i...
Tae-su, a detective fighting organized crime, r...
A look at the work and surprising success of a ...
Theodore, a young Spanish engineer who works as...
Sin-ae moves with her son Jun to Miryang, the t...
After discovering the dead body of Bea Harper's...
In 1997, before the visit of the pope to Rio de...
A boy is left alone in a Jewish neighborhood in...
Charlie gets released from an insane asylum and...
A recently-widowed, science fiction writer cons...
On a flight from Los Angeles to Paris, a mad sc...
Jet Li stars in this comic spectacle as a Chine...
During a Day of the Dead celebration, the dead ...
Luke and Roger are just another couple of colle...
A man falls for a separated woman but can't cop...
Following the death of his employer and mentor,...
Barry B. Benson, a bee who has just graduated f...
Follow the life of Pod as he moves to Bangkok f...
When two brothers organize the robbery of their...
Elle France editor Jean-Dominique Bauby, who, i...
Llewelyn Moss stumbles upon dead bodies, $2 mil...
After his friend, a hot young artist, is killed...
A man whose brain becomes magnetized unintentio...
Anna is coming out. But not as gay as a revolut...
The bizarre true story of Linda Riss and Burt P...
Based of the Graham Greene novel about a revolu...
Once upon a time there were two children nursed...
A drama with fairy tale elements, where an orph...
Sun Ra and his Solar Myth Arkestra return to Ea...
When John Mason's father is killed, John is wou...
Escaped convicts terrorize a suburban family th...
In the Swedish city of Lethe, people from diffe...
An impromptu goodbye party for Professor John O...
His name is Killa. Growing up as an orphan, he ...
The adventures of oil well fire specialist Chan...
Three stories told simultaneous in ninety minut...
Fred Claus and Santa Claus have been estranged ...
6th-century Scandinavian warrior, Beowulf embar...
Molly Mahoney is the awkward and insecure manag...
In Colombia just after the Great War, an old ma...
Set in the futuristic landscape of Los Angeles ...
Twelve years ago, a plague swept through, wipin...
Ricky returns to Munich from Vietnam and is pro...
In this second Q&amp;A with Kevin Smith he now ...
A down-on-his-luck ex-GI finds himself framed f...
"All men are not created equal. It is the purpo...
Five wayward teenage girls are sent to a reform...
A deadly collision between a train and car lead...
This acclaimed documentary follows the story of...
Successful New York attorney Sam Leibowitz trav...
Jan Dítě has been released from a Czech prison ...
Sheriff John Higgins quits and goes into prospe...
A random invitation to a Halloween party leads ...
Jane (Anna Faris), a struggling but perpetually...
A loose remake of “12 Angry Men”, “12” is set i...
Alex, an intersexed 15-year-old, is living as a...
A ragtag group of American stragglers battles a...
For the New World Order (NWO), a world governme...
A 9-year-old girl weathers big changes in her h...
After a violent storm, a dense cloud of mist en...
The beautiful princess Giselle is banished by a...
The best-selling videogame, Hitman, roars to li...
This year Christmas with the Whitfields promise...
Angela, a corporate climber, gets stuck working...
In this modern remake of Karz, Om - an aspiring...
While undergoing heart surgery, a man experienc...
After overhearing a shocking secret, precocious...
Robert Neville is a scientist who was unable to...
A struggling songwriter named Dave Seville find...
The Planet Express crew return from cancellatio...
In Manhattan's Central Park, a film crew direct...
Margot and her son Claude decide to visit her s...
Six actors portray six personas of music legend...
Dan Saxon is an undercover cop who infiltrates ...
Young Matt Masters, an Ozark Mountains moonshin...
The German soldier Clemens Forel - determined t...
A sister and brother face the realities of fami...
Retired military commander Colonel Dale Murphy ...
A woman brings her family back to her childhood...
Sir William Hamilton, a widower of mature years...
A young girl named Juno gets herself pregnant a...
The true story of a white South African racist ...
Two sisters find out the existence of their lon...
Maxed Out takes us on a journey deep inside the...
Elizabeth has just been through a particularly ...
Set in a magnificent villa near a sun-drenched ...
A travel writer improves her love life when she...
In 1968, in the Ravenside Military Hospital in ...
Based on George Bataille's posthumous and contr...
Joyce Chandler (Trish Goff), a young divorced w...
"Party Monster: The Shockumentary" tells the st...
While fighting for a woman who sits on death ro...
A personal, intimate look at journalist Hunter ...
Leonard Schiller once counted among New York's ...
Redacted is a film written and directed by Bria...
A documentary that examines the psychopathology...
While serving with the African Union, former Ma...
his three-part miniseries begins with elderly L...
Jake Singer is at loose ends in NYC, and neck d...
How do you reconcile a commitment to non-violen...
Helvetica is a feature-length independent film ...
Following the shooting of a film on the life of...
Thirteen years after the end of the Vietnam War...
Set both in Latin America and the United States...
Corporate billionaire Edward Cole and working c...
The shocking story of Rev. Fred Phelps, the Wes...
Passengers on an ocean liner can't recall how t...
After spending years in California, Amir return...
Sex & Fury chronicles Ocho's exploits as she se...
1968 and 1969 in Paris: during and after the st...
Famous pianist Zetterström returns home to his ...
Deaths tells the story of an all-American guy w...
A documentary on the Black Bear Ranch Commune, ...
Amid big-budget medieval pageantry, King Richar...
Densha Otoko (translated as Train Man) is a Jap...
A sociopathic kidnapper methodically pushes a d...
The film presents the tale of Agnese Ascalone, ...
When his mother dies, a teenager takes a road-t...
The Hamilton's seem to be an ordinary American ...
After some years of tension, Richard begins a s...
This film is about a hyper-vigilant employee of...
Tirante the knight is as committed to fighting ...
Zia, distraught over breaking up with his girlf...
Vitus tells the story of a highly-gifted boy (p...
True story of boxers Joe Louis and Max Schmelin...
A portrait of Lord Longford, a tireless British...
An adult swim class sets the stage for this sex...
The infamous story of Benjamin Barker, a.k.a Sw...
Benjamin Franklin Gates and Dr. Abigail Chase r...
Forest fires burn in Sumatra; a smoke covers Ku...
When ruthless oil prospector, Daniel Plainview ...
A dense film that cuts up footage of a primary ...
The true story of Texas congressman Charlie Wil...
A gunhand named Lane is hired by a widow, Mrs. ...
A sequel to 2004's Alien vs. Predator, the icon...
Singer Dewey Cox overcomes adversity to become ...
At popular South Beach University, filthy rich ...
Witty, playful and utterly magical, the story i...
Rainbow press reporter Ludo is sentenced to 8 m...
An attorney is terrorized by the criminal he pu...
A pawn shop proprietor buys used goods from des...
The story takes the battle of the sexes into th...
The true story of a brilliant but politically r...
Bilike has never seen a ping-pong ball before. ...
A modern love story in which a misanthropic, em...
A lonely boy discovers a mysterious egg that ha...
A two-hour Battlestar Galactica special that te...
Triad boss Lung (Eddy Ko), who has just escaped...
A young widow discovers that her late husband h...
A young girl turns to a department store Santa ...
Altruistic Jane finds herself facing her worst ...
A tribe of primitive "mudpeople" encounter a cr...
Vincent Price plays Gallico the great, an inven...
The story of the rape of Nanking, one of the mo...
The study of a marriage. Jo has five children a...
Ann and Don are two people caught in a somber e...
A mild-mannered psychopath plays mind-games wit...
Brazilian baroque. The young son that ran from ...
Martians, upset that their children have become...
The story of Francisco, a very simple and poor ...
Later in his career, Ozu started becoming incre...
The tale of two brothers with serious financial...
A jolted West Coast deals with the deadly after...
Ethan Green (Daniel Letterle) has no problem fi...
Ishaan Awasthi is an eight-year-old whose world...
A satire of the Great American Way, with Lemona...
Based on the Korean legend, unknown creatures w...
The relationships of three men are examined thr...
Once-not long ago-a small Egyptian police band ...
A Korean immigrant falls in love with her best ...
A television reporter and cameraman follow emer...
Kate and her brutish boyfriend Big Al sell hand...
Two young English women go on a cycling tour of...
A story about a young girl who leaves her homet...
A man named Farmer sets out to rescue his kidna...
A female executive (Demi Moore) and a night jan...
Buenos Aires is in a deep recession. As the mon...
A young father and his two children struggle to...
Five young New Yorkers throw their friend a goi...
Three female employees of the Federal Reserve p...
Sonni Griffith, a top US Secret Agent must prot...
A Texas cop (Kevin Kline), whose own daughter m...
Single father and former cop Tom Cutler has an ...
Rachel is a 35 year old school teacher who has ...
When a group of tourists on a New Orleans haunt...
A young professional woman (Simpson) unwittingl...
The lives and romantic entanglements of a group...
A weekend of camping in the mountains becomes a...
This off-beat drama about man's search for mean...
ARRANGED centers on the friendship between an O...
A troubled loner, Bob Maconel, imagines blowing...
In this fictionalized biography, young Pancho V...
Dr. Francis Flegg , a specialist in blood disea...
Two cowboys inherit a "social club" specializin...
A professional clown and a self-indulgent count...
Springfield, Illinois. Brandon, a surveyor, dre...
This engaging adventure/character study is one ...
Three outlaws come to the aid of a young girl a...
Warlords Kagetora and Takeda each wish to preve...
The surreal black comedy follows Nyatta, an ant...
When 17-year-old Makoto Konno gains the ability...
Two young couples using anonymous sex as a cata...
A young American woman traveling through Italy ...
Several people start receiving voice-mails from...
Durell and LeeJohn are best friends and bumblin...
Special Agent Jennifer Marsh (Diane Lane) works...
When governments fail to act on behalf of capti...
After the death of Raya Green's(Rutina Wesley) ...
From the creators of Scary Movie and Date Movie...
Violinist Sydney Wells was accidentally blinded...
With the ratings dropping for a wilderness-them...
After his fiancée, Kate, dies in an accident on...
Fallen Art presents the story of General A, a s...
Itinerant projection-equipment repairman Bruno ...
A horror film told in three parts, from three p...
In this continuation to the adventure of the de...
Work has been going with a bang for freelance a...
A neurotic, young psychology student, with low ...
Ray and Ken, two hit men, are in Bruges, Belgiu...
Metropolitan Archbishop Lakota of L'viv,  freed...
Farce, spy spoof, and adventure. Swarthy thieve...
Peter Winter is a young schizophrenic who is de...
A portrait of youth in bloom; a tale of one fam...
David Charleston, once a world renowned journal...
Melé is a bar singer, her husband Chaka is out ...
Cybernetics engineer Fred Stiller uncovers a ma...
An architect (Daniel Hendler) trails a man (Gus...
Inspired by the moving and brave book “Só as Mã...
Future by Design shares the life and far-reachi...
In a beauty salon in Beirut the lives of five w...
Donnie Rose went to prison for beating a young ...
A unique documentary about troops' experiences ...
Rise of the Footsoldier follows the inexorable ...
As the front man of the Clash from 1977 onwards...
A woman's schizophrenia affects her relationshi...
After greedy men have Edmound Dantes unjustly i...
After losing the woman of his dreams, Anderson ...
After setting the leg of John Wilkes Booth, Dr....
Jack Caine is a Houston vice cop who's forgotte...
Dawn is an active member of her high-school cha...
In a post-nuclear future, crime has been elimin...
A slasher finds the hospital where a TV newswom...
Big Bang Love tells the story of two young pris...
A teenager called Noriko Shimabara runs away fr...
Martin Lawrence leads an all-star cast, includi...
Treasure hunter Ben "Finn" Finnegan has sunk hi...
Sandra and Pete elope but their marriage is inv...
BLUE STATE is a romantic comedy about a disgrun...
A 3-D presentation of U2's global "Vertigo" tou...
DEEP WATER is the stunning true story of the fa...
The local disability support group visits an in...
This is the story of a British Naval ship, the ...
Thirteen-year-old Ernest Chin lives and works a...
In 1890, Pontus, the starving writer, wanders t...
A traveller by the name of Crossley, forces him...
David Rice is a man who knows no boundaries, a ...
The film focuses on Angie (Kierston Wareing), a...
When Thomas Archer's happy &amp; successful lif...
When Will decides to tell his daughter the stor...
Kiichi Nakajima, an elderly foundry owner convi...
A family saga in which three of a Bavarian wido...
A drama based on an ancient Chinese proverb tha...
Forced by her mean-spirited father, Lord Chief ...
Kaspar Carr is a professional burglar who lives...
The proceedings of a Paris courtroom are the gr...
The attempted assassination of the American Pre...
Upon moving into the run-down Spiderwick Estate...
When rebellious street dancer Andie lands at th...
Jodhaa Akbar is a sixteenth century love story ...
In order to use the publicity to get re-elected...
Eun-joo moves out of her house "Il Mare", leavi...
Two prisoners, Saint Louis and Dannemora Dan, e...
When a man answers an ad to train as a record p...
The story centers on a small-town sheriff who w...
A sumptuous and sensual tale of intrigue, roman...
Jackie Moon is the owner, promoter, coach, and ...
Five years after jilting his pregnant fiancée o...
While searching for his fiancee Ritsuko, Sakuta...
In the waning days of WWI, a U.S. "Mystery Ship...
Wahun is a city in China the size of London whe...
An in-depth look at the torture practices of th...
Ordinary people find extraordinary courage in t...
In Madrid seven candidates report for a job int...
Richard Pryor plays three roles - a beleaguered...
Upon hearing his wife was killed in the Iraq wa...
Chechen rebels take over a Russian nuclear plan...
Three jailers, a wheelchaired man and a mentall...
Famed reporter Stephen O'Malley travels to a sm...
At the turn of the 20th century, travelling sal...
A college co-ed is brutally raped and struggles...
When an overachieving high school student decid...
A prehistoric epic that follows a young mammoth...
Terry is a small-time car dealer trying to leav...
A lethal virus spreads throughout the British i...
One day, Horton the elephant hears a cry from h...
When Ann, husband George and son Georgie arrive...
The story Jewish counterfeiter, Salomon Sorowit...
The story recounts the early life of Genghis Kh...
Three children living in a displacement camp in...
Born in America and raised in an Indian ashram,...
Set Sail For Adventure! A boatload of beloved V...
A group of young film students run into real-li...
Hallam's talent for spying on people reveals hi...
Forlorn heiress Penelope Wilhern is cursed, and...
Best buddies Acerola and Laranjinha, about to t...
Archival footage, animation, and music are used...
It tells the story of Romulus, his beautiful wi...
A young painter stumbles upon an assortment of ...
Zeitgeist: the Movie is a 2007 documentary film...
In this unhinged Danish animation, 6th-grader T...
Meduzot (the Hebrew word for Jellyfish) tells t...
The human race is threatened by a powerful crea...
In an effort to end family feuding, a young gyp...
A young actor from Texas tries to make it in Ne...
A New York schoolteacher hits a midlife crisis ...
Deals with the intolerably hard life of a famil...
In the summer of 2006, Sigur Rós returned home ...
During the course of an ordinary week in Hollyw...
Insurance investigator Abraham Holt travels to ...
An ambitious young skier, determined to break a...
When Sarah Cain, a self-involved big-city newsp...
Colonel Reynolds and his group of government sc...
Guinevere Pettigrew, a middle-aged London gover...
Waitress Annie has separated from her suicidal ...
The late 1940s. Richard Langley, a bachelor pla...
Two paramedics responding to an emergency call ...
Skating star Sonja Henie and the Glenn Miller O...
Mala Noche is the film debut from director Gus ...
Follows the choices made by three young women -...
This coming-of-age drama deals with a young man...
An average guy of an Estonian high-school decid...
Batman raises the stakes in his war on crime. W...
In this engaging adaptation of James Gould Cozz...
Paula Nelson (Anna Karina), a female version of...
Two lads in Edinburgh embark on a non-violent s...
Jamie is 21. She's from Atlanta. She's come to ...
Phar Lap, the big bold chestnut reigned as the ...
Documentary filmmaker Doug Block had every reas...
Jonathan Cold returns, this time he goes Underc...
Approaching forty, Ferro is unsatisfied with hi...
Rebellious Jake Tyler is lured into an ultimate...
A documentary on Jacques Vergès, the controvers...
Slipping through the predawn darkness over high...
A massive 5 1/2 hour biopic of Napoleon, tracin...
Ti, a really poor construction worker that stru...
Three kids hire a low-budget bodyguard to prote...
An insomniac (Stephen Baldwin) who walks the st...
Tells the parallel stories of nine-year-old Car...
A romance between a soldier and country boy spl...
Aging screenwriter Felix Bonhoeffer has lived h...
In the 15th and final film of the original seri...
A misfired flirtation lands a young lieutenant ...
In 17th century Spain Diego Alatriste, a brave ...
A successful businessman attempts to shut down ...
When five young students move into an old unocc...
The Polish film based on the book of the same n...
A love story wrapped in a mystery. Set in Europ...
Set in the frozen steppes of Mongolia, a young ...
Ben Campbell is a young, highly intelligent, st...
Professor Lawrence Wetherhold (Dennis Quaid) mi...
Following in his father's footsteps, Albert Pie...
A Gainesville Florida auto upholsterer (Giamatt...
The 50 year story of a ballroom in France, from...
The stunning Dreya Weber stars as a former top ...
A Texas cop battles ex-navy seals who are tryin...
A light hearted comedy about the beginnings of ...
Follows a soldier trying to gain recognition fo...
The film depicts carnivalesque atmosphere summe...
Captain Red runs a hardy pirate ship with the a...
Being a failure as a teacher and a familyman, S...
Mikolás and his brother Adam rob travelers for ...
A veteran soldier returns from his completed to...
Martin Scorsese and the Rolling Stones unite in...
Liu Xing a brilliant Chinese student, arrives a...
Director Abby Epstein's controversial documenta...
Reality movie of a few days in the life of a Cz...
La Antena (English: The Aerial, 2007) is an Arg...
Two cabbies search San Francisco's Chinatown fo...
Smadar (Smadar Sayar) and Mirit (Naama Schendar...
Having suffered as a boy under a brutal Communi...
Orphaned and homeless Ranbir Raj re-locates to ...
An alcoholic becomes involved in a fellow A.A. ...
Told in four vignettes, this existential comedy...
Camille, a 20-something dissatisfied with her l...
A small South American village is in a flurry o...
Four months after the death of her husband, a w...
A young girl inhabits an isolated island with h...
A group of friends whose leisurely Mexican holi...
A chronological account of the influential late...
Manda Bala (Send a Bullet) is a cinematic bulle...
When Sarah Marshall dumps aspiring musician Pet...
A guy's life is turned around by an email, whic...
The team behind Scary Movie takes on the comic ...
Tom Ludlow is a disillusioned L.A. Police Offic...
A college professor travels to New York City to...
Having satisfied their urge for White Castle, H...
Octave is the master of the universe. Octave ex...
Since Luc granted a divorce to Pascale ten year...
Speed Racer is the tale of a young and brillian...
Gabriel tells the story of an archangel who fig...
A Chicago journalist suffering from memory loss...
Paris doctor Catherine starts to think her husb...
The movie takes place in the three days leading...
A computer programmer decides to become a thief...
An American teenager who is obsessed with Hong ...
Morgan Spurlock (Super Size Me) tours the Middl...
As the 15th anniversary of a fatal high school ...
Danny Masterson (TV's 'That '70s Show') leads a...
A seedy writer of sleazy pulp novels is recruit...
The film is set in Tuscany during the Black Dea...
A look at a few chapters in the life of Poppy, ...
Commentator-comic Bill Maher plays devil's advo...
In a seedy bar in a town ravaged by war, scient...
After waking up in an abandoned factory, six ki...
A short documentary about a hospital ward for c...
Sympathetic look loosely based on the relations...
Will Proudfoot (Bill Milner) is looking for an ...
Determined to find out the true effects of mari...
When his friend Professor Kingsely (Ridges) is ...
Dr. Janos Rukh discovers a certain type of radi...
In 19th Century Paris, the maniacal Dr. Mirakle...
Mike Locken is one of the principle members of ...
White hunter Captain Fry tries to take Tarzan b...
A young couple die in a plane crash in the jung...
A scientific expedition happens to discover tha...
Circus owner Buck Rand kidnaps Boy to perform i...
The story of Mexican revolutionary Emiliano Zap...
A deadly car crash sets off three parallel stor...
After his entire department is outsourced, an A...
As a corporate auditor who works in a number of...
A successful, single businesswoman who dreams o...
Irena, a Ukrainian woman coming to Italy lookin...
Les, a small-time celebrity photographer desper...
A portrait of Austrian artist Gustav Klimt whos...
Hosted by Ben Stein, this controversial documen...
The friendship between two children is threaten...
Donna's senior prom is supposed to be the best ...
A girl, Carola, whose vacation in Kenya takes a...
After being held captive in an Afghan cave, bil...
A stranger arrives in Copenhagen from a plane f...
Tom and Hannah have been platonic friends for 1...
Is there room for principle in Los Angeles? Mik...
In Paris, a young American who works as a Micha...
A psychological thriller based on the concept o...
Dominic works round the clock: nights making bi...
While vacationing with a friend in Paris, an Am...
Liam Case is a garbage man whose life hasn't qu...
The first part in a new series of films produce...
In a hospital on the outskirts of 1920s Los Ang...
SG-1 searches for an ancient weapon which could...
Alberta, a mousy young woman with the survival ...
Danny is a blind man who does not let his impai...
A mild-mannered bank executive (Aaron Eckhart) ...
The true story of suburban housewife Gertrude B...
During a wild vacation in Las Vegas, career wom...
A psychological drama about Ulrich, a workaholi...
Erik, Ryan, and Cooze start college and pledge ...
Hudson Milbank is a successful Hollywood screen...
An international soccer star is on his way to s...
The Benedetti family's wealth comes from gold s...
"The Man Between" is a 1953 British thriller fi...
The Stars Look Down is based on A. J. Cronin's ...
In the wake of World War II, most Germans have ...
Documentary about Tommy Chong's federal prosecu...
One year after their incredible adventures in t...
Two competitive friends, fueled by literary asp...
A boy who always lies witnesses a murder but ca...
Matthew Perry is real-life inspiration Ron Clar...
Forced to give up his dreams of art school, Zac...
Quite a bit can happen over the course of a sin...
Documents the true story of the final weeks of ...
War Inc. is set in the future, when the fiction...
Sari is a young, beautiful and intelligent girl...
In a quiet suburban town in the summer of 1958,...
King Corn is a fun and crusading journey into t...
Set during the Cold War, the Soviets – led by s...
Caught in the middle of a bank robbery, a slack...
This film is a smart, rueful and dead-on portra...
Cynical British journalist Fowler (Michael Redg...
Comic mayhem ensues when two lovely blondes, De...
Documentary about the late Chicago artist and m...
An intimate portrait of poet, painter, musician...
 Rival cattlemen join forces to fight off outlaws.
A feisty young woman returns to Glasgow to run ...
Filmmaker Ralph Arlyck first met Sean while liv...
Andre and Colette Bertier are happily married. ...
An unflinching look at the how the battle over ...
Manu arrives in Paris, in the early days of AID...
At Oxford University, a professor and a grad st...
A newly married couple discovers disturbing, gh...
The Grand is in the tradition of improvisationa...
A New York writer on sex and love is finally ge...
After returning from a wedding reception, a cou...
This examination of a famous scandal from the 1...
In America, we define ourselves in the superlat...
Beautiful Mandy Lane isn't a party girl but, wh...
While combing through the belongings of his rec...
Filmed on location in South Africa, a retelling...
When the Valley of Peace is threatened, lazy Po...
A serious docu-comedy about the commercializati...
In 1972, Miyuki tells her ex-lover Kazuo that s...
This documentary was five years in the making, ...
Mauricio do Valle reprises his role as Antonio ...
A chronicle of the weeks after the 2000 U.S. pr...
Three handicapped losers who form a band ask fa...
Life is not easy for 11-year-old Allan living i...
Tough NYC police detective Dixon misses out on ...
When half-breed Indian Yaqui Joe robs an Arizon...
A merchant marine captain, rescued from the Chi...
A posse pursues Pardon Chato (Charles Bronson) ...
During the Korean War, Joe Moran, is convicted ...
A dedicated FBI agent recalls the agency's batt...
After serving together in the French Foreign Le...
King Louis XIII of France is thrilled to have b...
A dabbler-in-crime and his assistant hire an ex...
Pulled into the Mexican Revolution by his own g...
The story of Frank W. "Spig" Wead - a Navy-flye...
When riverboat captain Doctor John Pearly (Roge...
Two families, cotton merchants in England and A...
The story of an Arkansas farm woman and her son...
Eager to land a journalistic position, Adam Whi...
A U.S. satellite crash-lands near a small town ...
A Japanese photojournalist revisits Vietnam aft...
Six days in the life of Wilhelm: a detached man...
A-yuan and A-yun are both from the small mining...
An Israeli counterterrorism soldier with a secr...
Using verite conventions, a young couple with a...
Two assistant managers of a corporate grocery s...
The story of a son's conflicting memories of hi...
Accio (Elio Germano) and Manrico (Riccardo Scam...
A young woman commits a hit-and-run, then finds...
Lam Yiu Kwok, a Hong Kong secondary school teac...
Emperor Wang (the Perverted) is leader of the p...
Nicolai Dalchimski, a mad KGB agent steals a no...
Professor Challenger leads an expedition of sci...
      The adventures of the masked hero continues.
Billy Wong is a New York City cop whose partner...
The young Gascon D'Artagnan arrives in Paris, h...
A band of murderous cowboys have imposed a reig...
Carlo Cabrini and Anna Canzi star in this roman...
Domenico and Antonietta are two suburban Italia...
Frank Allen, a professional speaker who lecture...
Tongue-in-cheek look at 20-something singles cl...
The story of a young ex-con Jack, newly release...
The Seventh Doctor becomes the Eighth. And on t...
The egocentric documentary-maker Chris Waitt tr...
A heroic tale of three blood brothers and their...
A reclusive telemarketer has only one semblance...
A drama set in the American South, where a prec...
When a deadly airborne virus threatens to wipe ...
Scientist Bruce Banner scours the planet for an...
Four actors go to a cabin in the woods to write...
About young British journalist, George Hogg, wh...
As a Labrador puppy, Quill is sent to live with...
WALL·E is the last robot left on an Earth that ...
Doormat Wesley Gibson discovers that his recent...
Hancock is a down-and-out superhero who's force...
A successful male escort describes in a series ...
Ten Minutes Older is a 2002 film project consis...
An ambulance driver gets involved with a rich g...
One of Mark Twain's best-loved stories becomes ...
Tom Sawyer and his pal Huckleberry Finn have gr...
A pool shark takes the ultimate gamble when she...
When the identities of secret agents from Contr...
On a Tuesday night, five couples have separate ...
The grind of daily life as a Brick Lane Banglad...
The inspiring and tumultuous story of 85-year o...
World War II was not just the most destructive ...
When their beloved school is threatened with cl...
Blizzard, deranged from a childhood operation i...
The successful novelist Judith Ralitzer is inte...
Madeleine steals a string of pearls in Paris an...
Fresh off ripping space-time a new one at the e...
Four friends are attacked by a demon while on a...
An investigation of the wrongful death of Carlo...
A surrealistic film in which a strangely assort...
Battlefield Baseball is a tough game--it doesn'...
Set in pre- World War II era. A young man is on...
The life of revered the 18th-century Armenian p...
This is a feature-length documentary of David C...
Silent film (with musical score) about the veng...
U.S. Marine Sergeant O'Hara has his hands full ...
Three sideshow performers leave their lives of ...
"Talkie" remake of Tod Browning's 1925 silent f...
When Roger Balfour is found shot dead in his Lo...
Dog Day is a 1984 film starring Lee Marvin. A c...
A small southern town has just been rocked by a...
Broke and in debt, an otherwise honest cowboy g...
Devi focuses on a young woman, who is deemed a ...
Return to the forest and join Bambi as he reuni...
The film follows 8 of the top high school baske...
A television producer with a penchant for drink...
The Great Depression hits home for nine year ol...
Fueled by a raging libido, Wild Turkey, and sup...
Set in New York City in the sweltering summer, ...
A luxury cruise boat motors up the Yangtze - na...
After having a nervous breakdown, a popular tal...
The erotic novelist Taeko is writing a morbid s...
An easy-going cowboy is mistaken by the townsfo...
When notorious pirate Henry Morgan is made gove...
A reluctant cavalry Captain must track a defian...
Marshal Wyatt Earp kills a couple of men of the...
When her boyfriend is arrested for marijuana po...
Herzog and cinematographer Peter Zeitlinger go ...
A sexually transmitted disease called STBO is s...
Deep space, at the edge of the galaxy. The futu...
Errol Morris examines the incidents of abuse an...
Priscilla Williams is a young girl traveling wi...
A man takes a job at an asylum with hopes of fr...
A sensation when released in 1999 in Iran, Two ...
In the not too distant future a secret governme...
A discarded silk top-hat becomes the focus of a...
Steven Okazaki presents a deeply moving look at...
Examines the public scandal and private tragedy...
A documentary on the Z Channel, one of the firs...
An investigation of the massacre of 24 men, wom...
An elderly woman takes a train trip to visit he...
Zingarina arrives in Transylavania, accompanied...
Set on an idyllic Greek island, the plot serves...
Remu kasvaa vaatimattomissa oloissa. Teinipoika...
Although living a comfortable life in Salon-de-...
Mr. Ogata lives a complicated life: he's is a p...
Leslie is left with few options when her husban...
The feisty aging Hagar Shipley has lived an unc...
In 1950s Alabama, the owner of the Honeydripper...
Sommer ’04 is a character study of a family on ...
Haunted by his traumatic past and cautious abou...
A man emerges with his autistic daughter and th...
Silentium is a 2004 Austrian film based on a no...
From the director of Wolf Creek comes this terr...
In an unnamed Latin American country that close...
Admitted to Mt. Abaddon Hospital for a routine ...
A young Arab-American girl struggles with her s...
Yukie, the well-bred daughter of a university p...
This classic "Peanuts" tale focuses on the thum...
A family with five kids in the 80s get into a c...
Two undercover agents infiltrate a drug-smuggli...
An examination of the Soviet slaughter of thous...
A grand and patriotic tale of Poland's struggle...
On a quest to find out what happened to his mis...
A crew of miniature aliens operate a spaceship ...
The life of a young, Japanese schoolgirl is des...
August is a 2008 drama film directed by Austin ...
On a tour of Britain in 1926, Harry Houdini ent...
Set during a sultry summer in a French suburb, ...
A group of American teens comes Ireland to visi...
A college professor abandons his family and his...
Kaj is a stubborn man with a great deal of prid...
A convicted prisoner falls for a woman that dec...
Jonas is a Copenhagen homicide scene photograph...
6th Grade gets a new substitute teacher. She wa...
After Ingrid leaves John, he allows himself to ...
A husband and wife lie to each other about thei...
A psychologist discovers troubling links betwee...
Aspiring rock musician Neal Downs manages a cer...
Light Yagami finds the "Death Note," a notebook...
A gentle love story about a Japanese businessma...
Rick Robinson, a law intern, is scheduled to ta...
Having lost his horse in a bet, Pat Brennan hit...
After a confrontation with one of his idols das...
A Trans-Siberian train journey from China to Mo...
Circus monkey Ham III works in a circus where h...
Secrets, rumors and betrayals surround the upco...
A chronicle of the former president's tour rece...
Ba'al travels back in time and prevents the Sta...
In a gritty and alternate 1985 the glory days o...
When an elite eight-man British SAS team is dro...
A Gulf War veteran with PTSD (Kilmer) heads to ...
Computer hacker Will Farmer engages a governmen...
In the spirit of the old west variety shows, Va...
STEAL A PENCIL FOR ME is a compelling documenta...
Shotgun Stories tracks a feud that erupts betwe...
Neil, a self proclaimed film geek and owner of ...
The true-life story of a Harlem's notorious Nic...
A hired killer from Cleveland has a job to do o...
A family man convicted of killing an intruder m...
Brennan Huff and Dale Doback might be grown men...
Based on Evelyn Waugh's 1945 classic British no...
Six years after the events of The X-Files serie...
A documentary on seniors at a high school in a ...
On August 7th 1974, French tightrope walker Phi...
CSNY/Déjà Vu is a 2008 film directed by Bernard...
In this touching Christmas classic a young orph...
Set several years after the first film, Ariel a...
As Rincewind involuntarily becomes a guide to t...
It's Hogswatch (equivalent to Christmas) on the...
A mysterious virus, carried by mutant rats, cre...
A look at modern-day life in China's capital ce...
Medical student Ted Grey (Milo Ventimiglia) gra...
Pretty Tokyo teen Hiromi Yoshii (Asumi Miwa) an...
Tracey Berkowitz, 15, a self-described normal g...
A sendup of the stereo-typical Japanese family:...
Residents of an enclosed neighborhood in the mi...
Six blind Tibetan teenagers climb the Lhakpa-Ri...
The Edge of love is a love story of two feisty ...
High school students led by the Girl and Boy tu...
Old Prof. Preobrazhensky and his young colleagu...
Three women take a road trip to Santa Barbara i...
Looking to outrun the horrors of his past, a to...
Archaeologist Rick O'Connell travels to China, ...
In a remarkable turn of events, the result of t...
The photographer Leon lives with his girlfriend...
Ray Eddy, an upstate New York trailer mom, is l...
A boy's barmitzvah looks set to be a disaster w...
Paris-based wine expert Steven Spurrier heads t...
Two girlfriends on a summer holiday in Spain be...
Explore Bruce Wayne's transition from his begin...
After a nuclear holocaust tears the world apart...
Eve is a precocious nine year-old girl with a w...
The Kohayakawa family is thrown into distress w...
A young couple's love is tested when Sun-jin is...
In this thriller, American novelist David Raybo...
Paul, depressed from his recent break-up with A...
An escort who caters to Washington D.C.'s socie...
The Hamburg friends Walter, Ricco and Floyd tak...
In the spring of 1999, a group of old friends g...
A stoner and his dealer are forced to go on the...
In the early third century, the land of Wu is i...
When frustrated movie studio mogul Adolph Zitz ...
There is something horribly wrong with the bodi...
Johan and his family are Mennonites from the no...
After he's shot during a heist in East L.A., an...
The film revolves around Claire, a kind soul wh...
Four young women continue the journey toward ad...
Hell Ride is a 2008 feature film from Larry Bis...
Cultural critic David Kepesh finds his life -- ...
A mischievous high school sophomore faces a con...
Through interviews and guerilla footage of graf...
An obsession for food and love. Short film made...
Bathory is based on the legends surrounding the...
A semi-paralyzed radio reporter is sent out to ...
Tommy Gibbs is a tough kid, raised in the ghett...
The East High Wildcats are ready to have the ti...
Vietnam veteran 'Four Leaf' Tayback's memoir, T...
In the supernatural thriller The Objective, wri...
Set between Episode II and III the Clone Wars i...
Henry Poole abandons his fiancée and family bus...
A man returns to a city to try to track down a ...
It's the year 2707. Earth's natural resources h...
Pusit is having the worst day of his life. He j...
Much awarded animated documentary, in which dir...
Set in 1982 in the suburb of Blackeberg, Stockh...
From the same people that brought you "Little M...
Terminal Island, New York: 2020. Overcrowding i...
Shelley is living a carefree life until a rival...
The true story of Jasmine Plummer who, at the a...
Rob "Fish" Fishman is the drummer in '80s hair ...
With the country's debt growing out of control,...
An ex-cop and his family are the target of an e...
Gabrielle Deneige is an independent, ambitious ...
Three young houseflies stow away aboard the Apo...
Through a focus on the life of Dalton Trumbo (1...
A beautiful and ambitious young woman joins a t...
From director John Frankenheimer ('The Manchuri...
Several hundred years after the Battle of Danno...
Documents the daily lives of a small community ...
A man who is being driven crazy by the noise in...
Eight years have passed since Sara Wolfe and Ed...
A cybercrime investigator tracks a man suspecte...
Two teenagers, both newcomers to London, forge ...
When a disc containing memoirs of a former CIA ...
In DISASTER MOVIE, the filmmaking team behind t...
In Babylon A.D Vin Diesel stars as a veteran-tu...
When straight arrow FBI agent Roy Clayton heads...
A wild weekend is in store for three high schoo...
"Trouble the Water" takes you inside Hurricane ...
The story centers on a group of gossipy, high-s...
When a friendless old widow dies in the seaside...
Venerable newscaster Norm Archer reports the la...
Respected black cavalry Sergeant Brax Rutledge ...
An ancient urn is found in a cemetery outside R...
Down these mean streets a man must come. A hero...
The life of one of the USA's Founding Fathers, ...
Shiftless Jeeter Lester and his family of hillb...
A movie about the First World War based on a st...
A trailer is burning in the middle of a plain. ...
In Nazi Germany in 1936 seven men escape from a...
When carrying out a hit, assassin Joe (Cage) al...
Are all relationships based on lies? Jake Bians...
Disheartened by futile combat, appalled by the ...
In 1953, a sensitive French boy finds out from ...
A film about a  farm worker named Jaime and his...
Detective Sergeant Ma Jun, known for dispensing...
In Bangkok, an assassin who turns down a job th...
                                               NaN
A young Australian woman (Emma Lung) reluctantl...
A worker at a Russian nuclear facility gets exp...
Sunflower is the story of the Zhang family in B...
Laddie (Son of Lassie) and his master are trapp...
A group of teenagers go on a excursion to the m...
Jorge is a young man whose plans for the future...
An inept taekwondo instructor struggles with ma...
Fifteen years ago, a group of men's lives were ...
The main character is a nameless boy (Juan Jose...
Two veteran New York City detectives work to id...
A young interracial couple has just moved into ...
Emilio, a Colombian con man, arrives in LA with...
An episode in the life of Nikander, a garbage m...
Dentist, Bertram Pincus is a man whose people s...
A documentary on Argentinean soccer star Diego ...
On the surface Henrik and Nina Christofferson a...
A nurse from the Ukraine searches for a better ...
Jimmy Cuervo is a down-on-his-luck ex-con livin...
It all begins at a party in Santiago, Chile, wh...
A traffic accident on a rural mountain road bec...
A shockcumentary about the end of the colonial ...
Teenage runaway Cheryl splits from Ohio and end...
Two San Francisco detectives want to bring down...
On a gray morning, a circus caravan arrives in ...
Peter is a medical student about to graduate an...
After Marnie Watson kills her abusive husband i...
A group of troubled teens are sent to a rehabil...
The world has finally managed to blow itself up...
Shuhei Hirayama is a widower with a 24-year-old...
The most dangerous criminals in the universe es...
Two friends hired to police a small town that i...
Miracle at St. Anna chronicles the story of fou...
The film shows the day when Rui and Vani first ...
Seven year old Sasha practices violin every day...
Animated parody of such horror classics as "Evi...
There is civil war in Finland. Between whites v...
"Zuzu Angel" covers the last years of the famou...
In a totalitarian future society, a man whose d...
The setting is post-Russian Civil War, during t...
In a world after the nuclear apocalypse a schol...
Jerry Shaw and Rachel Holloman are two stranger...
A British writer struggles to fit in at a high-...
A black and bloody Irish comedy about a sad tra...
Two unhappy people's lives become entwined when...
A disillusioned, angry university graduate come...
Nick cannot stop obsessing over his ex-girlfrie...
In The Secrets, two brilliant young women disco...
Part documentary, part expose, this film follow...
A young woman's quest for revenge against the p...
Goro's supermarket is not doing well; the rival...
An ingratiating bride develops warm ties to her...
The story of two couples who are neighbors and ...
An older, reclusive man's best friend and inspi...
A documentary about Soulwax: Director Saam Fara...
A wealthy landlord who lives a decadent life wi...
An inside look at Italy's modern-day crime fami...
At the beginning of the film the father-in-law ...
When radio love guru Dr Emma Lloyd convinces Pa...
While driving through the kilometer 31 of a lon...
A chronicle of the life of 18th century aristoc...
When the night falls, and the creatures of the ...
The Tulse Luper Suitcases reconstructs the life...
Pandy and Retro, two unlikely renegades, awaken...
US merchant sailor Alex Walker (Kevin Anderson)...
A young woman who has been in and out from reha...
The CIA’s hunt is on for the mastermind of a wa...
For generations, the people of the City of Embe...
A pair of rivaling stage magicians are forced t...
Captain Nemo has built a fantastic submarine fo...
After Cacopoulos manages to save himself from b...
Follows five autistic children as they work tog...
Coming together to solve a series of murders in...
A boy in abject poverty works in a hotel and be...
Lifelong platonic friends Zack and Miri look to...
Whether you love him or hate him, there is no q...
When Dustin's girlfriend, Alexis, breaks up wit...
A 19 years old London girl received agressive p...
Set in Mexico under the rule of Emperor Maximil...
A theater director struggles with his work, and...
1949 film from 20th Century Fox that was nomina...
Harper is brought to Louisiana to investigate a...
Set in South Carolina in 1964, this is the tale...
In this David vs. Goliath drama based on a true...
In An American Carol a cynical, Anti-American H...
A trip to the pastoral countryside reveals a da...
A school teacher discusses types of government ...
A French tradesman travels in time and liberate...
Wim Wenders says, "If in our century something ...
The story follows a university student who move...
                                No overview found.
Georgia Nicolson is fourteen, lives with nosey ...
Ben Kinnear and Mike Paddock are two undercover...
Alice Pratt, a hard working Christian woman, ra...
A young reindeer who suffers from vertigo learn...
A television reporter and her cameraman are tra...
The movie takes place in the five-day period be...
There is a war in the world between the men and...
Tetsuo is a young man living in Tokyo, who fall...
The sequel to the 1987 cult hit The Lost Boys t...
A saga centered on a multi-generational family ...
A combination of unfortunate circumstances forc...
Based on the incredible true story, The Express...
In the third film of the Lone Wolf and Cub seri...
In the fourth film of the Lone Wolf and Cub ser...
After being punished for retreat from combat, R...
This latest installment of Babylon 5 is in two ...
Two young boys are best friends living quiet fa...
When a Russian mobster sets up a real estate sc...
                                No overview found.
It's almost graduation day for high school seni...
A married woman finds new thrills as a masked r...
A ruthless fashion designer steps on everyone i...
Huckleberry Finn, a rambunctious boy adventurer...
The epic tale of an American reconnaissance pil...
When Leela is insulted by a group of space-redn...
Set in the spirit of L. Frank Baum's classic, t...
Steven Spielberg executive produced this TNT mi...
An orphan in 1850 Missouri gets into a variety ...
Alex, Marty, Melman, Gloria, King Julien, Mauri...
This is a story of a great love facing the grea...
Socialite Anatol Spencer, finding his relations...
When a sudden plague of blindness devastates a ...
Christine Collins is overjoyed when her kidnapp...
A woman walking home late at night is attacked ...
A father and his son walk alone through burned ...
Jamal Malik is an impoverished Indian teen who ...
Quantum of Solace continues the adventures of J...
Filth &amp; Wisdom is a poignant view of the li...
British barrister Sydney Carton lives an insubs...
Two salesmen trash a company truck on an energy...
Cullen has hired Tom to try and stop the robber...
A group of entertainers decide to put on a show...
Tokyo! is an anthology of three short films by ...
Set in a future-world vision of Tokyo where the...
In June of 1942 Germans and their collaborators...
It is 1595. Brutal wars have just ended in an u...
The teenager artist Ana is raised in Ibiza by h...
Between his tax problems and his legal battle w...
Michiyo lives in the small place Osaka and is n...
The film features people from Berlin's electron...
The Wicked Queen is dead but her brother, Lord ...
Updated version of the classic Rodgers and Hamm...
The Three Stooges travel West where they become...
Slacker Uprising is a movie of Michael Moore's ...
The students of Suzuran High compete for the Ki...
After being forced into a marriage and enduring...
While building an irrigation system for a South...
Ordinary man-in-the-street Arthur Ferguson Jone...
A knight in the service of a duke goes to a coa...
A 14-year-old orphan named Krabat flees the hor...
Fatou is a teenager yearning for attention and ...
Hundreds of years ago in Lapland, a little boy ...
The plot concerns Guard Point 506, where an ent...
Teresa is a stewardess who lives a perfect life...
A guilt-haunted samurai warrior attempts to sto...
When Mitchie gets a chance to attend Camp Rock,...
Sixty days on and Rygel is retrieving pieces of...
Detective Hoffman is seemingly the last person ...
When their regal matriarch falls ill, the troub...
Just before bounty hunter Charile triggers his ...
A few young waiters at a popular New Jersey res...
A high school senior drives cross-country with ...
Two former backup soul singers, Louis and Floyd...
A suburban housewife is forced to fend for hers...
Somewhere in Northern Russia in a small Russian...
A pampered Beverly Hills chihuahua named Chloe ...
Mamo, an old and legendary Kurdish musician liv...
Patti Petalson is a promising writer, but her m...
The film tells the story of the experiences of ...
Several strangers in Los Angeles weave their st...
Almost 19-year-old Marius feels himself in a ru...
After nine years in psychiatric detention Theo,...
Fearless Edo-period police inspector Hanzo Itam...
Fresh from a prison term, a former Triad boss r...
A businessman with a disfigured face obtains a ...
A girl is saved by a miracle after she falls fr...
Returning to the legend that inspired his first...
A family battles against the odds to stay toget...
The amorous adventures of Andrea Rossi-Colombot...
Bellissima is a satire of the film industry, an...
‘Tattooed Life' begins with a parasol wielding ...
An American takes up bullfighting to impress th...
The Living Sea, a film about the world's oceans...
Major Reisman is "volunteered" to lead another ...
Learning of a Nazi plot to attack Washington, D...
Two young drifters guide a Mormon wagon train t...
When the singer of a popular rock band disappea...
Teacher and novelist François Bégaudeau plays a...
When Willie leaves home to join the war effort ...
When their plans for a nature trip go awry, Pol...
CONFESSIONS OF A SUPERHERO is a feature length ...
Jim Van Bebber's "The Manson Family" is an extr...
                                No overview found.
Set in northern Australia before World War II, ...
Bolt is the star of the biggest show in Hollywo...
When Dr. Von Altermann's wife Lila dies mysteri...
The story of California's first openly gay elec...
Paul Lavond was a respected banker in Paris whe...
When Bella Swan moves to a small town in the Pa...
A relaxing Christmas vacation turns into a terr...
Frank Martin puts the driving gloves on to deli...
Brad and Kate have made something of an art for...
When his family moves from their home in Berlin...
An FBI agent tracks a serial killer with the he...
A young man from Constanța who has his own busi...
In Albany, the marriage of Caleb end Catherine ...
Animated fable about a cliché hunchbacked evil ...
With a pocketful of drugs, Nick West takes out ...
Carl and David, two boys flying a small aircraf...
The story of Bobby Sands, the IRA member who le...
The story of sex, violence, race and rock and r...
Waging his one-man war on the world of organize...
FBI agent Max Reed witnesses Dr. Tetsu Segawa -...
An aging Hollywood star, Joe Scott, lives a lif...
Charu lives a lonely and idle life in 1870s Ind...
On holiday in Yalta, Muscovite banker Dimitri G...
At the Elk's Head Hotel bellhops torment the lo...
The Christmas tree isn't the only thing green i...
A shallow, provincial wife finds her relationsh...
A young woman, Junta (Riefenstahl), lives apart...
The Pervert's Guide to Cinema offers an introdu...
Daily activities of the Metropolitan Hospital i...
Fusako, a drug dealer's young mistress in postw...
Wallace and Gromit have a brand new business - ...
Officer Daniel Harding is a distinguished membe...
An introverted insurance executive at a car ren...
City police surround a building attempting to c...
Homer Grindstaff is a big named banker in Glory...
Based on the autobiography of Gypsy Rose Lee, t...
After living abroad for several years, journali...
A female aerobic instructor is possessed by an ...
Documentary about Tomas Young, a 25 year old ve...
John Ford weaves three "Judge Priest" stories t...
The sons of a disgraced British officer try to ...
Man Named Pearl tells the inspiring story of se...
It has been two years since Bobby and Sue Ellen...
Did Christopher Marlowe write the works of Shak...
A representative of an alien race that went thr...
The Argentine, begins as Che and a band of Cuba...
After the Cuban Revolution, Che is at the heigh...
The war against the Bugs continues! A Federatio...
Set in Edwardian England where upper lips are a...
With the aid of his former law students, a prof...
A factual incident opens in a quiet Connecticut...
A New York corporate boss (Everett Sloane) groo...
It’s Christmastime and the far-flung members of...
Dr. Hohner (Karloff), theatre physician at the ...
The wicked Alain plots an elaborate revenge aga...
When an aging matriarch starts showing signs of...
In 1964, a Catholic school nun questions a prie...
Cyborg She follows the burgeoning romance betwe...
A man moves into a house that is supposedly hau...
Walt Kowalski is a widower who holds onto his p...
For three years after being forced from office,...
The story of Michael Berg, a German lawyer who,...
Count Contini masterminds the theft of $1 billi...
A lonely 40-ish man, likely to remain a bachelo...
In a divided land, it takes a rebellious boy an...
While on a joyride with the headlights turned o...
Edgar works as a waiter in 'Het Westen', a rest...
Hunted by the Ming from China, young Kotaro and...
A woman struggles to interact with her family a...
Natasha (Kim van Kooten) goes to Limburg to col...
An IRS agent with a fateful secret embarks on a...
Despite scientist Nathan's warnings, his boss c...
A doctor has a lifelike, anatomically-correct m...
Told through a looping, non-linear narrative fr...
Tom Collier has had a great relationship with D...
Humans on spaceship named "Tantra" are explorin...
Aging wrestler Randy "The Ram" Robinson is long...
During a blizzard in 1964, Dr. David Henry deli...
Prohibition is ending so bootlegger Bugs Ahearn...
Raised by his grandfather to adhere to the anci...
Several years after his beloved Nieh has gone, ...
This documents the relentless advance of German...
Exciting newsreel footage highlights this award...
                                               NaN
Jon Hall, Maria Montez and Sabu star in this lu...
Two thieves, the Blackbird and West End Bertie,...
"The Battle of Russia," Chapter V of Frank Capr...
It's World War II and there is a severe housing...
Set in Inner Mongolia, a physical setback cause...
A man who was falsly accused for murder escapes...
A renegade team of World War II soldiers. This ...
Tells the story of Benjamin Button, a man who s...
The third film of Frank Capra's 'Why We Fight" ...
Carl Allen has stumbled across a way to shake f...
Lowly hotel clerk Matthew Welch stumbles unto a...
Wendo Kolosoy was a former boxer and ship's mec...
Wounded in Africa during World War II, Nazi Col...
A regular guy struggles with a repressive home ...
Interviews, archival footage and home movies ar...
Takaki and Akari are two classmates in elementa...
In this modern retelling of H.G. Wells' classic...
Two years after the Martian invasion, George He...
An exploration of the dark side of Christianity...
Acting on impulse, Claire Dennison (Willa Ford)...
Zona Zamfirova is set in the eastern Serbian ci...
An innocent bank teller, suspected of embezzlem...
The Death Kiss re-unites three of the stars of ...
A documentary about four girls who transform th...
Harassed by bullies because of his mild autism,...
It's the end of yet another night at Hastings S...
A dramatic comedy about a self-induced attentio...
Rille, an ostracized and bullied teenager, who ...
Two teachers vie for the right to stage a play ...
Skeeter Bronson is a down-on-his-luck guy who's...
The friendship between two orphans endures even...
Paul Miller (Paul Rudd - Friends, The Cider Hou...
A sex-addicted con-man pays for his mother's ho...
A young couple living in a Connecticut suburb d...
It's Millennium Eve and Blackadder is hosting a...
Pleasant Ebenezer Blackadder is turned into a c...
Five close friends, all of them married, share ...
A wave twisting tale of a soul searching surfer...
Inspired by the life of Jacqui Jackson. Helena ...
Soon after his insufferably arrogant father win...
In 2001, Andrew Bagby, a medical resident, is m...
Rebellious 16 year old Poppy from Mailibu is se...
When delusional madman Roxor kidnaps a scientis...
Based on a true story, during World War II, fou...
Zeitgeist: Addendum premiered at the 5th Annual...
Country doctor Jack Jackson is called in to tre...
A newly married couple who, in the process of s...
Antoine Sforza, a thirty-year-old young man, le...
A fatally shot female gangleader recounts her s...
Recovering from a nail gun shot to the head and...
In this prequel to 'Stone Cold,' Tom Selleck re...
It's almost summer in Sweden and minor indiscre...
The son of a sailor, 5-year old Sosuke lives a ...
A tipsy doctor encounters his patient sleepwalk...
A young man, unaccustomed to children, must acc...
Marshal Flagg, an aging lawman about to be reti...
Six vignettes set in different sections of Pari...
Documentary about the mercenaries and contracto...
In the second screen version of The Maltese Fal...
As a child Jack Brooks witnessed the brutal mur...
Lucie, jeune étudiante en histoire de l'art, en...
Humans... the other white meat... Unless you're...
Taavi,the enigmatic 18-year-old lead, has just ...
In revolution-torn China, American mercenary O'...
The Stooges are janitors working at a space cen...
A woman is taken along with her mother in 1910 ...
A reckless youth is destined to become the grea...
A group of Black soldiers are home from the war...
A stranger comes to town looking for his estran...
The two American Ninjas, Joe Armstrong and Sean...
Wendy, a near-penniless drifter, is traveling t...
Boog and Elliot are back for more crazy adventu...
In London for his daughter's wedding, a struggl...
Land, a family, a future. They're "dreams, frie...
A semi-biographical account of Yip Man, the fir...
Paul, a computer whiz who spends more time with...
When a group of people from different walks of ...
The Young Visiters, written in twelve days by n...
Scientists create a genetic clone of a serial k...
A gang of claim jumpers is infesting the territ...
The Recruiter takes viewers to the Louisiana co...
When Spanish record producers express interest ...
The sixth film illustrates Japan's occupation o...
After a plane crash, a young therapist, Claire,...
Once upon a time... in the far away kingdom of ...
Two best friends become rivals when their respe...
All Lodge wants is for his gaming group to fini...
Jacques Mesrine, a loyal son and dedicated sold...
Ten years ago, a tragedy changed the town of Ha...
In 1923, the young Kim Shun-Pei moves from Chej...
Middle-aged Gerald Kingsland advertises in a Lo...
Set on a fictitious island in the Carribean dur...
Liberty Kid is a 2007 low-budget American film ...
                           Frisian movie from 2004
Thousands of activists arrive in Seattle, Washi...
Fuel is the story of a young man's struggle to ...
ASPEN is a film about a town famous in the 19th...
Model begins at and continually returns to an e...
A man accidentally gets into a time machine and...
Princess Luisa and knight Gabriel must face a d...
At the port of Sète, Mr. Slimani, a tired 60-ye...
                          To be or not to be, etc.
On the edge of the 30th anniversary of punk roc...
Following the death of his mother in '80s Polan...
A woman and her daughter struggle to make their...
A prequel to the first two Underworld films, th...
The adventures of a father and his young daught...
An outlaw is left for dead by his gang after be...
Cole Armin comes to Albuquerque to work for his...
Part VII of the "Why We Fight" series of wartim...
In this filmed version of cult film director Jo...
“The Soviet Story” is a story of an Allied powe...
Tariq Ali, a Muslim police officer of Scotland ...
Based on the true story of double killings occu...
The nerds are now in control of the university,...
Lewis and his nerdy friends attend Booger's wed...
Mr. Schmidt's costume store is bankrupt because...
When Harry Levine, an aging, unsuccessful Green...
A sex and drug addicted young man who is forced...
After Ben Garvey foolishly turned back to crime...
When the President and Speaker of the House are...
In the future, one can achieve immortality by o...
Mild-mannered Paul Blart (Kevin James) has alwa...
NOTORIOUS is the story of Christopher Wallace. ...
A young woman fights the spirit that is slowly ...
Three hot girls, four guys, and one mega-swanky...
In order to catch a basketball from the favorit...
Embarking on a journey to fulfill her dreams as...
On the eve of the Chinese New Year, three stran...
A worldwide epidemic encourages a bio-tech comp...
1851, Manitoba's Red River Valley. As winter se...
Anna returns home after spending time in a psyc...
Several scary black-and-white animated segments...
Office employee Barry Thomas is caught in a "ti...
                                               ...
When a child steals candles from the cemetery, ...
Two Passengers (Sobieski and Zahn) and the cond...
Deputy Sheriff John Steele recruits bandit Sono...
A young man is torn between the woman he loves ...
A young boy lives with his mother on a farm sur...
Psychiatric patient Elmeri knows about the exis...
An investigative documentary about the violatio...
During the reign of the Vikings, a man from ano...
Mae West, full of bosom and double entendre, wr...
A gunfighter takes part in a scheme to bilk a w...
A young television reporter (or "investigative ...
On a Japanese-occupied island during World War ...
A group of young people makes a plan to escape ...
Sergeant Michael Dunne fights in the 10th Batta...
A study of the psychology of a champion ski-jum...
A financial struggle between owners of a go-go ...
All that Maddy Hawkins has ever wanted was a fa...
Two men are released from the Arizona Territori...
Ginger Rogers steals the show as a selfish, sni...
A shocking crime forces a man to re-evaluate hi...
Jake, the sole survivor of The Grudge 2 massacr...
The McMartin family's lives are turned upside d...
Eden Lake is a relentlessly tense and immaculat...
It happened more or less by accident; the peopl...
When Coraline moves to an old house, she feels ...
A gang of young people call themselves the Livi...
Point of Order is compiled from TV footage of t...
An autistic woman with powerful martial art ski...
Recovering from a nail gun shot to the head and...
A family's new satellite TV system starts recei...
Frank Perry is an institutionalized convict twe...
After his father, an assassin, is brutally murd...
An interpol agent and an attorney are determine...
A depressed man moves back in with his parents ...
Remember that really cute guy who said he'd cal...
A murder opens up a bleak trail of long buried ...
When George and her colleagues get a new boss w...
Uuno goes with his wife to spend summer holiday...
"Wicked" Lily Bishop joins a wagon train to Cal...
Businessman Logan Stuart is torn between his lo...
A lonely gas station attendent in Mississippi f...
A common friend's sudden death brings three men...
Audie Murphy comes into his own as a Western st...
Thwarted by his despotic uncle from continuing ...
Singapore Sling is chasing after Laura, a roman...
The Polish artist Julia and her husband Piotr, ...
Leela becomes an outlaw when she and a group of...
The epic adventures of the legendary Baran the ...
Placed in a foster home that doesn't allow pets...
Sheriff Sean Kilpatrick is a pacifist. Frank Br...
A gang of young thieves flee Paris during the v...
Moomin, Sniff and My set out to stop a comet ap...
A look at the state of the global environment i...
Daddy is the story of a divorced father fightin...
The semi-autobiographical story centers on the ...
Afro Samurai avenged his father and found a lif...
Making her way through life by forming superfic...
A Korean man is sentenced to death by hanging, ...
A film shoot in Peru goes badly wrong when an a...
Chad, 2006. After a forty-year civil war, the r...
Tim Rice and Andrew Lloyd Webber's Jesus Christ...
Angel City trooper Jack Deth is sent back in ti...
The Plot focuses on Dante Alighieri, a young ma...
Daigo, a cellist, is laid off from his orchestr...
Lt. Col. Michael Strobl, a volunteer military e...
Summer in L.A., it's hot. Homeland Security has...
B Movie Legend Bruce Campbell is mistaken for h...
The story of an aspiring young filmmaker's enco...
Robinson is commissioned to investigate the uns...
Paramilitary operative David Wolfe stumbles upo...
Four young men fall in love with the same woman...
This rollicking sports comedy from Finnish dire...
Streetwise swaggering Christopher "C-Dub" Wang ...
Famous and wealthy funnyman George Simmons does...
A man tours clubs around the globe with his man...
When most of the population of Earth is infecte...
Young Tiuri has to pass the final test before b...
A mercenary is hired by the FBI to track down a...
Justice Robert H. Jackson leads Allied prosecut...
A seriously ill schoolteacher becomes dependent...
An exchange student from Finland arrives in Kan...
During a mission in the Middle East, a group of...
When two squeegee kids descend upon Sarah and h...
Kevin, an American psychiatrist has just entere...
After Shenaniganz loses all its hottest waitres...
Steven Seagal stars in this gritty, no-holds ba...
John, is sent in to recover a stolen Stealth Bo...
United States has just acquired Louisiana from ...
Poetic, experimental and different, Container i...
A group of former Encyclopedia Brown-style chil...
When three wealthy women hire a hit man to get ...
Two grifters, Wang Bo and Wang Li, a couple who...
Fleeing to Dodge City after killing a man in se...
Dick Wallace wants to marry a minister's grand-...
When a teenager, Chun-Li witnesses the kidnappi...
Seagal plays a man with a dark and violent past...
From the youth directed novel of the same name ...
At long last, Madea returns to the big screen i...
Captain Donald King of the British Army goes to...
Verona and Burt have moved to Colorado to be cl...
Based on the story about Guy Gabaldon, a Los An...
A girl has been murdered. A woman cannot rememb...
A master thief recruits a notorious thief to he...
An entire family comes of age during the early ...
A sugar-refinery worker (Steve Cochran) flees h...
The Berlin Air Lift from the point of view of t...
The narration spans the period since the sevent...
Maya Bulgakova gives a marvelous performance as...
Pierre, a professional dancer, suffers from a s...
The lives of three lonely strangers intersect w...
Ignoring the warnings of the locals, a group of...
The story of three Korean outlaws in 1930s Manc...
A group of humans arrive on Sirius 6-B to inves...
When legendary treasures from around the world ...
With a first-person look at the notorious Crips...
Jack Carver, a former member of the Special For...
Glenn Killing with guests. One of the most succ...
This documentary offers a glimpse into the life...
Some days turn out to be simply unforgettable. ...
The Aso family live in the old town of Nara. On...
César runs a bar along Marseilles' port, assist...
A teenage boy is surprised to discover that he ...
Honoré Panisse is dying, cheerfully, with frien...
Jason and his wife, Sarah, leave their adopted ...
1920s. Vietnam under colonial French ruling. An...
In a time of social change and unrest, war and ...
A successful Los Angeles lawyer discovers that ...
Marshall Lawson is the commander of an elite mi...
An intelligence operative discovers that no one...
An ambitious trio of inner-city high school gra...
Chanticleer is a foolhardy farm rooster who bel...
Six women attempt to make it in current day Tok...
Julia Kerrbridge is working hard to become a do...
Dr. Horrible, an aspiring supervillain with his...
A former thief who is trying to go straight see...
In a remote part of the countryside, a bungled ...
Two French journalists become embroiled in a cr...
Picking up moments after the end of Marius, thi...
After telling her fiancé, Dana, that her entire...
Dare Rudd takes a shine to his cattleman cousin...
It's 1945, Burma, the day the war is over! For ...
A documentary on the competition for student bo...
In 1876 Wyoming, the gun is the only law. And f...
Wellman Santee (Dolph Lundgren) a former race c...
Day of the Dead is a horror film which is nomin...
Peter Klaven is a successful real estate agent ...
Army Lieutenant Halliday, accused of stealing t...
Billy is an innocent, naive seaman in the Briti...
When heiress Jean Courtland attempts suicide, h...
It's not the crime, it's the cover-up. In small...
American chemist Ned Faraday marries a German e...
With Prom only hours away, the usual suspects o...
When the Campbell family moves to upstate Conne...
Eric, a young boy, is excited about his birthda...
Two romantically-engaged corporate spies team u...
A teacher opens a time capsule that has been du...
Sugar is a 2008 sports drama film directed by A...
Nostalgia is Takashi Miike’s favorite film of h...
Praying with Lior asks whether someone with Dow...
Moments from death a young man is rescued by a ...
Swedish thriller based on Stieg Larsson's novel...
Six scientists arrive at the creepy Headstone M...
A single mother and her slacker sister find an ...
Ordered to teach a martial arts class of rambun...
In 1865, a troop of Confederate soldiers led by...
During WWII, a corporal in the desert reminisce...
                        Journey to find true love.
Since the fall of the Iron Curtain an estimated...
Chris Kody, imprisoned member of the US militar...
This 2001 J-Horror effort from director Naoyuki...
After he's institutionalized in order to cover ...
A hugely successful DA goes into private practi...
Mysterious cell phone messages promise a young ...
Dziejące się współcześnie "Jasminum" (łacińska ...
Sex is a background to examine intimacy and vul...
Set during the Nazi occupation of Poland, in wh...
Manohar, an upwardly mobile middle class Indian...
When Susan Murphy is unwittingly clobbered by a...
A sordid and complex series of events unfolds w...
Romanian director Cristian Nemescu's comedy Cal...
A cop investigates whether the man convicted of...
The movie is about Sita, the Hindu Goddess from...
When Diana (Danielle De Luca) takes a job as a ...
Emily and her friend Angelica go to a rave in t...
Although Vivian Revere is seemingly the most su...
Following the emotions associated with entrance...
Through examining Fini Straubinger, an old woma...
Der Baader Meinhof Komplex depicts the politica...
Rob Schneider writes and stars in this comedy a...
One messy science journalist (Tash) and a neat ...
When Sheriff Jake sees a man at the safe and th...
A documentary focusing on the life of dot-com e...
Two successful women, sick and tired of dating ...
When reporter Rachel Armstrong writes a story t...
Ray, a construction worker trapped in an unhapp...
Early 20th century. Albert Fish, a seemingly be...
At 14, best friends Robb Reiner and Lips made a...
The story concerns two agents, one Mexican (PJF...
A dancer disappears from a theater and then Wil...
Bi-polar mall security guard Ronnie Barnhardt i...
Elyot and Sibyl are being married in a big chur...
Mr Casey's daughter, Connie, wants to go to Pot...
Police catch a break when suspected kidnappers ...
In the summer of 1987, a college graduate takes...
In the mid-17th century, Poland was the largest...
Sex and love. Some seek it, some need it, some ...
The death of the Kimbrough family matriarch aff...
In the glamorous world of New York City, Rebecc...
Thomas is turning 16. His dad's in the army and...
The story revolves around a man trying to uncov...
Ex-con Alex plans to flee to the South with his...
A Marine captain is on trial for murdering her ...
Head of company security, Harry Webb, fears tha...
While scouting out apartments in London for her...
The story revolves around three soldiers — Cole...
                                               NaN
One day a commuter, who happens to be a burglar...
A short film in which Quran verses are shown al...
                                               NaN
The young warrior Son Goku sets out on a quest,...
Three earthlings visit the planet Mongo to thwa...
The film follows Nicole Carrow, a young woman w...
A Sunday, three young friends read the obituary...
Outraged by Redleg atrocities, the James and Yo...
Aging gunslinger Jacob Wade hopes to settle dow...
Nick Jenkins finds himself back in the single s...
Hard-working, henpecked Ambrose Ambrose Wolfing...
Set in the early 1900s in the fictional Catfish...
1896, Montmartre: the Can-Can, the dance in whi...
                                               NaN
Frame Johnson's attempt to settle down in Tombs...
After a night of drunken exploits, Allison, Har...
After dating a wonderful man, Hope comes back h...
An innocent cab driver is mistaken for a contra...
When a crime brings them back to L.A., fugitive...
Lem goes to Chicago to sell the wheat his famil...
A composer who can't control his creative tempe...
The story of Sanshiro, a strong stubborn youth,...
In this government-suggested sequel, Sugata aga...
François, a French director, is conducting a ra...
The final 17 years of American singer and music...
Karate champion Matt Logan is enlisted by the p...
After being abducted as children, and suffering...
The US President and the UK Prime Minister are ...
In GLOBAL METAL, directors Scot McFadyen and Sa...
Based on her book of the same name, Naomi Wolf ...
Two childhood friends from South Boston turn to...
In the periphery of São Paulo, the pregnant sin...
Reformed parolee Steve Lacey is caught in the m...
A Southern belle (Eleanor Parker) frees a Rebel...
A wanted murderer, Billy John, is captured by B...
The Boat that Rocked is an ensemble comedy, whe...
Apollo 13: To the Edge and Back tells the gripp...
At the height of World War II, the Germans begi...
The Mindscape of Alan Moore is a psychedelic jo...
On the brink of a midlife crisis, 30-something ...
In Zola's Paris, an ingenue arrives at a tony b...
Billionaire cousins Bastiano (Terence Hill) and...
In Nazi-occupied France during World War II, a ...
Handsome, unflappable U.S. Congressman Stephen ...
After being released from prison, ex-gunfighter...
A Dutch miner (Glenn Ford) and an Old West coup...
A group of tenants living in an old house are c...
The film depicts a strike in 1903 by the worker...
                A documentary about George Méliès.
John Middleton is investigating cattle rustling...
The story of a blind dervish named Bab'Aziz and...
Taking over Leeds United, Brian Clough's abrasi...
Two blue-collar Easter Bunnies get fired and tr...
Chelios faces a Chinese mobster who has stolen ...
Two men who work as both automobile mechanics a...
A meek Belgian soldier (Harry Langdon) fighting...
It is the year 33 of the Vulgar Era. The Empero...
Jurek Kiler (see the prequel to this movie, "Ki...
This 1952 western stars Randolph Scott as an ar...
With only three weeks left in his three year co...
Małżeństwo Marii i Wiktora przechodzi kryzys. K...
Jimmy is married to the abusive Frank, but she'...
Some college kids accidently unleash a sex demo...
A cocky, arrogant young playboy is expelled fro...
A doctor of Indian origin returning to Mumbai f...
While on a trip to Thailand, a successful Ameri...
Lynn (22) lives with her brother in Berlin. The...
From Academy Award® winners Graham King and Mar...
Sadako, cursed by generations before her and ne...
A documentary on The Who, featuring interviews ...
A collection of intersecting short stories set ...
This story is about four men who work in a conf...
After seeking to live a normal life, Logan sets...
Chelsea is an in-demand call girl whose $2,000 ...
Suzume Katagura is an bored housewife, she spen...
Rodeo star John Scott and his gambler friend Ka...
When New York film critic Godfrey Cheshire retu...
Chronicles the rise and fall of 1970s New York ...
Set on the border, where Mexico becomes the cru...
independent, documentary - For 25 years, Academ...
The fate of the galaxy rests in the hands of bi...
Chaos and rampant hormones reign when teenage c...
Chinese detective Charlie Chan (Sidney Toler) s...
A coming of age dramedy where infidelity, real ...
When a law school dropout answers an advertisem...
They saw each other only once. At a wedding wit...
After finding out that her husband, Rudi, has a...
John Wayne portrays Singin' Sandy Saunders and ...
Police Commissioner Rizzo, Bigfoot (Piedone by ...
The first female US President Sally Sheridan is...
The adventure is set in the sorcerous land of M...
In 208 A.D., in the final days of the Han Dynas...
                                               NaN
Love. It just happens. No rules. It may look si...
A brilliant and neurotic attorney goes to Monac...
Saara is a middle-aged doctor who one day finds...
Once again set in the oceanfront Florida city o...
                                               NaN
Funny adeventures of few person including the u...
S. Darko follows Samantha Darko, the younger si...
From the acclaimed team that brought you BBC's ...
Imprisoned for a murder he did not commit, John...
With commentary from Hollywood stars, outtakes ...
A city girl on a bus tour of the West encounter...
                                               NaN
When two friends return from a girls weekend va...
Immigrants from around the world enter Los Ange...
Harvard symbologist Robert Langdon investigates...
A behind the scenes look at the comedy troupe, ...
A Union soldier returns from the dead to take r...
A cavalry officer helps save a family's ranch f...
The website "horrorvision.com" has a mysterious...
Alex masterminds an ambitious plan to steal mil...
Cross is an old hand at the CIA, in charge of a...
An overenthusiastic high-school maintenance man...
An indictment of closeted politicians who lobby...
Respected liberal Senator Joe Tynan is asked to...
In a remote jungle outpost in the Far Eastern t...
When the multiple murderer Cain is released fro...
Several Angelenos meet on Christmas Eve through...
In the carnival in Spain in the beginning of th...
In 1999, Star Wars fanatics take a cross-countr...
A slightly self absorbed yuppie takes in his pa...
Two friends take their dying buddy on one last ...
A mockumentary following an ambitious TV networ...
A woman who leaves an abusive relationship to b...
Fred Hampton was the leader of the Illinois Cha...
An adulterous woman's life is torn apart when h...
This modernist musical about love and loss in P...
A traveling art saleswoman tries to shake off a...
All grown up in post-apocalyptic 2018, John Con...
Hapless museum night watchman Larry Daley must ...
In the slum of Cité Soleil, President Aristide'...
A Zen priest in San Francisco and cookbook auth...
If you had a love-potion, who would you make fa...
Every Little Step follows the plight of real-li...
With their women having been enslaved by a pack...
The Brothers Bloom are the best con men in the ...
A small farmer and rancher is being harassed by...
An Australian sheep man comes to Montana lookin...
The story of the descent into madness of Mussol...
An architect Joanna tells her friend Halina on ...
Two quarreling peasant families, who were force...
Six vignettes follow the Allied invasion from J...
A lonely widowed housewife does her daily chore...
When Gabriel and Emilie meet by chance, he offe...
Life is easy for 43-year-old Luis, a happy sing...
When the bride's mother is supposedly swindled ...
Originally an absurdist play by Eugene Ionesco,...
In The Man With Bogart's Face, an affectionate ...
A general store clerk and aspiring detective in...
Alejandro, a tough and ambitious Latino street ...
Just out of prison, ex-con Ugo Piazza meets his...
In the second of Rohmer's moral tales, he exami...
After a drunken night out a longshoreman thinks...
On her first trip to Paris, a young woman hits ...
A Los Angeles journalist befriends a homeless J...
A group of teenage girls heading into the city ...
                                               NaN
During the early 21st century a meteorite crash...
After denying a woman the extension she needs t...
Carl Fredricksen spent his entire life dreaming...
The great actress and Ozu regular Setsuko Hara ...
Munich, Germany, 1923. Two years have passed si...
A young Englishman marries a glamorous American...
Street dancer, Thomas Uncles is from the wrong ...
Two brothers and a sister witness the disappear...
Peggy Pepper arrives in Hollywood, from Georgia...
At the beginning of the 20th century, Claude Ro...
Alison Drake, the tough-minded executive of an ...
A peace-loving, part-time sheriff in the small ...
French top secret agent, Hubert Bonisseur de la...
In old New Orleans, a beautiful adventuress jug...
Theatrical release in 1938.  A 15-episode seria...
Walter is a rising star in the NCAA wrestling w...
2 Guys. 300 Girls. You Do the Math. The two mos...
In pre-WW1 England, a youngster is expelled fro...
Brad is about to hook up with the girl of his d...
The War Game is a fictional, worst-case-scenari...
Venturing into the woods causes nothing but tro...
Four best friends, about to graduate from high ...
Bilal is 17 years old, a Kurdish boy from Iraq....
Lt. Dave Robicheaux, a detective in New Iberia,...
When three friends finally come to after a rauc...
Beautiful Carmen Colson and her ironworker husb...
A grieving couple retreats to their cabin 'Eden...
A ruthless gangster named Don is killed during ...
A BBC adaptation of the Victorian "penny dreadf...
In 1927 Kansas City Pete Kelly and his jazz ban...
Two misunderstood suburban kids challenge socie...
The story of seven scholars (including Danny Ka...
A remake of the hugely successful Malayalam fil...
Packaged and sold as an outdoor actioner, Many ...
Ricky Rapper is rummuttava and rapping son, who...
                                               NaN
A boy declares his love for his girlfriend, onl...
When Prince Kirin of the 7 Lucky Gods shows up ...
The Marshal sends John Weston to a rodeo to see...
Charles Duchemin, a well-known gourmet and publ...
Henry Roubier, a French promoter, and Enrico Ma...
                                               NaN
Buffoonish Ernest and his dimwitted pal Abner u...
Królowy Most to miasteczko gdzieś przy wschodni...
An Austrian military officer and roue' attempts...
Berlin Alexanderplatz, originally broadcast in ...
Set in southern India in the late 1930s, this p...
A lonely metermaid has a psychotic reaction to ...
Lucy Hill is an ambitious up-and-coming executi...
Anne-Marie vient de perdre son mari dans un acc...
Salaam Namaste is about two Indians who have le...
Eight medical students on a ski trip to Norway ...
On his latest expedition, Dr. Rick Marshall is ...
A young girl tries to fit in with a clique of p...
Overweight loner Rino spends his days in seclus...
An alcoholic lawyer who successfully defended a...
In Momma's Man an adult decides to escape the p...
A financial executive who can't stop his career...
Armed men hijack a New York City subway train, ...
Two teenage best pals attracted to the same boy...
During Nazi occupation, red-headed Bent Faursch...
Still reeling from the painful breakup of his m...
In Rio de Janeiro, the forty and something year...
A prison bus with over a dozen criminals on boa...
Henry Jekyll is a young science student who, al...
The quiet village of Bramley End is taken over ...
In 1879, the British suffer a great loss at the...
A young single mother of four living in a small...
A male corpse is discovered with a smashed face...
Jackie Chan plays the part of the class clown i...
In this hilarious mockumentary, middle-aged Dai...
Frank, a retired Irish seaman, and Walter, a re...
A young backpacker gets into some trouble in Af...
After surviving an attempt on his life by his f...
Stranded by her lover, a 40-ish interior decora...
A drama set in 1986 Iran and centered on a man,...
When she learns she's in danger of losing her v...
After an astronaut space capsule is detonated i...
The life of American public enemy number one wh...
Captain Wade Hunnicutt is the wealthiest and mo...
The story of community in the Deep South that i...
When a couple of lazy hunter-gatherers are bani...
Odd Horton is dependable and contained: he's a ...
                                               NaN
Former war-time Army buddies now students in co...
An artist has an opportunity to go to Paris and...
Promise Me This is a film written and directed ...
Revolting mutants hunt human outcasts and under...
During World War I, a German U-boat sinks a Bri...
Director James Toback takes an unflinching, unc...
Primary is a documentary film about the primary...
The story of an Icelandic man and his slow desc...
Con man Ray Elliot decides to leave crime behin...
Nothing in the world can make Garfield get invo...
A young conservative black man, minding his own...
Forced to play a dangerous game of cat-and-mous...
An undertaker gets married to an old executione...
An air delivery service is menaced by a mad sci...
Anna Lucasta is a 1959 film directed by Arnold ...
How I Unleashed World War II tells the story of...
Four career criminals, two glamorous bank worke...
Eric and Sam have been in a committed relations...
An all-knowing interlocutor guides us through a...
Modest editor, has shipped his wife and kids fo...
John Bourgignon, a drummer/chauffeur engaged to...
As a young child Luther The Geek or "The Freak"...
Two journalists attempt to uncover the truth be...
A mysterious stranger works outside the law and...
A free-wheeling chronicle of the Munich sex fil...
The story of Iraq's only heavy metal band and t...
After seeing Raiders of the Lost Ark in 1981, t...
Sam Witwicky leaves the Autobots behind for a n...
With aerial footage from 54 countries, Home is ...
They call it the savage mountain. 27 people hav...
A very large number of people start to commit s...
Asa, a young and cheerful dreamer, returns from...
A woman seduces a District Attorney and pulls h...
Bling is a documentary film which focuses on th...
John Wayne stars as U.S. Air Force aviator Jim ...
The fantastical tale of a little girl who won't...
Whatever Works explores the relationship betwee...
When notorious womanizer Connor Mead attends hi...
Shot on location in Cambodia, including many sc...
Phil Gaines is a bitter, cynical cop who invest...
By the early 1900s, the extraordinary Houdini e...
Depression-era bank robber John Dillinger's cha...
Times are changing for Manny the moody mammoth,...
During the Sarikamis Battle, the Ottoman army r...
The movie covers the events which occurred in b...
Samson and Delilah's world is small- an isolate...
Final Approach deals with the mental condition ...
An undercover officer (Broderick Crawford) trac...
Daisy Kenyon (Crawford) is a Manhattan commerci...
All vile things must come to an end, and for Da...
A factory foreman discovers (to his discontent)...
When a ship sinks during a storm, a slave from ...
Two closely bound, emotionally wounded siblings...
A Bergmanesque triangle drama. After a weekend ...
Both an homage to and a re-imagining of the ori...
Documentary covering the case of Mumia Abu-Jama...
Like a warped fun-house mirror, the song-poem i...
Sara and Brian live an idyllic life with their ...
Kambakkht Ishq is about a stuntman and a superm...
A hip hop horror anthology of three tales of te...
When his mother sends Jack off with money to bu...
Two young women with differing views on love fi...
The movie begins in 15th century Sweden, where ...
Adventures of a cocky con man and his glamorous...
A mariner survives an attack from the dreaded p...
With the Tendos, the Saotomes, Ryoga, Shampoo a...
Charles 'Pittsburgh' Markham rides roughshod ov...
Jerry Mason, a young Texan, and Jake Benson, an...
Tom (Joseph Gordon-Levitt), greeting-card write...
The movie focuses on one of the events in Zende...
Documentary about urban violence in Brazil, esp...
A playboy tries to redeem himself after his car...
A dejected Parisian sewer worker feels his pray...
A provincial doctor's wife's romantic illusions...
Flamboyantly gay Austrian television reporter B...
A documentary about the troubled sibling relati...
1939: Hollywood's Greatest Year is a once-over-...
Policemen Bonaro and Madigan lose their guns to...
Traumatized after witnessing her jealous husban...
100 miles north, a bit east and up, is Flåklypa...
While on a dangerous mission to recover the his...
On the threshold of 22nd century, furrowing the...
Pero is a professional funeral speaker in a sma...
Set between the parallel worlds of contemporary...
Nick Gunar is a burnt-out, jaded and hard-up fo...
A chronological account of the heavy metal band...
A fidgety, wisecracking video store clerk devel...
As Harry begins his sixth year at Hogwarts, he ...
From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia  Pierre B...
Elisabeth and Simon have been deeply in love fo...
Based upon the final confession of Adolf Eichma...
What makes mild mannered intellectuals join the...
The sequel to The Visitors reunites us with tho...
On October 12th 1978 New York Police discovered...
The presence of a malicious stranger threatens ...
A weekend cruise on a luxurious party yacht goe...
An 11 year old boy starts throwing temper tantr...
Sidney Lumet's adaptation of the acclaimed Mary...
A troubled and neurotic Italian Countess betray...
With the original Hanson Brothers still on the ...
After a bomb kills their company commander in I...
Biff Grimes is desperately in love with Virgini...
Four mistreated farm animals seek refuge as a b...
Vittorio De Sica's A Brief Vacation (Una Breva ...
A guy (Jesse Bradford) has his life planned out...
A man wrongly imprisoned for murder breaks out ...
In this dark tale of revenge, Bruce Lee "return...
Giancarlo Rosso, a Sicilian hit man, gets a job...
A traveling theater company gives its audience ...
9to5 - Days in Porn focuses on the people behin...
Through a series of twenty six short stories, a...
A Greek soldier leads the fight against an inva...
A history of Ludwig, king of Bavaria, from his ...
Santi, a young high-school student with a serio...
Dreams perimeter Matti Ijäksen has written and ...
Barbara Hoffman is a University of Wisconsin sc...
An outer suburb of Paris, 1972. Gilles and Chri...
Imagine your life is somewhat complete with a h...
Four friends search for love and happiness whil...
This Cannes festival winner chronicles the impl...
A desperate young writer is lured on a wild rid...
A dramatization of the Montreal Massacre of 198...
Visioneer George Washington Winsterhammerman li...
The sequel to Tales from the Crypt.  Five stran...
A man pursues stand-up comedy encouraged by his...
Returning to the small Florida town where he gr...
The shooting of a U.S. senator's wife raises th...
A police officer's partner has died during Hurr...
Jonathan is sick and tired of the boring life i...
A sumptuous dramatic comedy set in late 19th Ce...
Ben Tyler (Joshua Jackson) has been diagnosed w...
A Papago Indian returns to his reservation afte...
Chris Morrell, the guardian of half-Indian girl...
Documentary tracing the existence of noted rock...
Michel, a psycho-analyst, falls asleep while li...
This 1980 French film features Isabelle Huppert...
Twenty years ago, Arlen Faber (Jeff Daniels) wr...
In this film's version of the story, four of th...
John Wyatt is a government agent sent to smash ...
Myths and stories abound that speak to man's de...
After breaking a mirror in his home, superstiti...
Playboy Andy Mason, on leave from the army, rom...
A married couple with a rocky past adopt 9-year...
Based on a true story, one woman takes on the U...
A psychotic man opens fire in a diner, murderin...
John Martin is a government agent working under...
A romantically challenged morning show producer...
This epic tale of a family and their rural life...
A young field administrator for the TVA comes t...
At the age of 28, I was drafted as a soldier in...
Slice-of-life look at a sweet working-class cou...
It's Tulsa, Oklahoma at the start of the oil bo...
Desperate to repay his debt to his ex-wife, an ...
For their honeymoon, newlyweds Cliff and Cydney...
Fanfan is a young handsome peasant. He joins th...
Ten years after he brutally murdered two girls,...
Trying to recover from the nearly marriage-brea...
Rusty (Shawn Hatosy) has been bailed out of bad...
Man's landing on the moon was our greatest tech...
It's summer vacation, but the Pearson family ki...
Aliens land in South Africa and, with their shi...
Julia Child and Julie Powell – both of whom wro...
Filmmaking icon Agnès Varda, the award-winning ...
Things couldn't be better for Derek Charles. He...
A taxi driver gets more than he bargained for w...
Pagafantas (from Latin pag-fantas paying fantas...
An accident survivor wakes from a coma and conf...
Robert, a fan of three French actresses is a ba...
When Miley Stewart (aka pop-star Hannah Montana...
From the Egyptian desert to deep below the pola...
The tragic story of French naïve painter Séraph...
Paul Giamatti stars as himself, agonizing over ...
A half-French, half-British writer (Jane Birkin...
When New Orleans cop Danny Fisher prevents a br...
The door of the mental hospital opens, releasin...
Ah-Ching and his friends have just finished sch...
Composed of three separate stories, the film vi...
Christophe agrees to be filmed by his roommate ...
A young doctor falls in love with a disturbed y...
Four volunteers sign up for what initially appe...
An acclaimed stage performer, Dorothy still str...
A coming-of-age story about a young brother and...
This depiction of childhood and adolescence dra...
When handyman Niller comes to install Sus' new ...
Cold War tensions climb to a fever pitch when a...
A comic drama set on a Mediterranean island, wh...
Max Manus is a Norwegian 2008 biographic war fi...
This South African movie tracks the rise of a o...
Werner Herzog returns to the South American jun...
Rod Drew hunts for a missing girl and finds him...
The arrival of the telegraph put Pony Express r...
Jompa Tormann and his guests and family are bru...
Tells of the daring heist of The Stone of Desti...
For centuries, a unique breed of fishermen has ...
When a comet strikes Earth and kicks up a cloud...
Bandits lead by Matt the Mute enter a bar and k...
Ted Hayden impersonates a wanted man and joins ...
A peaceful family-life is suddenly disturbed wh...
Amanda, an ardent Jane Austen fan, lives in pre...
Three French pals take to the road in a stolen ...
John Travers and Yak, his faithful Indian sidek...
After the Second Impact, Tokyo-3 is being attac...
As another round of preliminary tests approach ...
                                               NaN
A married Japanese forester during WWII is sent...
Set in the port city of Yokohama, two girls, Su...
As an ex-gambler teaches a hot-shot college kid...
Dysfunctional family drama. Absent father, alco...
The story centers around veteran assassin Mark ...
An American woman is stranded in Tokyo after br...
Who is Don Ready? Salesman? Lover? Song Stylist...
Adam, a lonely man with Asperger's Syndrome, de...
The attractive, 32-year old and single Dora edi...
In 1957 a fiery object crashes into a mountaint...
A web of intrigue and conspiracy lies beneath t...
In 1934, J. Edgar Hoover and the boys made head...
An aspiring Jewish actor moves out of his paren...
Young mattress salesman Brian decides to adopt ...
Due to a genetic disorder, handsome librarian H...
The monsters have made it into a small neighbor...
                                No overview found.
                                               NaN
The story of a mentally anguished high school h...
I Can't Think Straight is a 2007 romance movie ...
A young man awakens from a four-year coma to he...
A high school social outcast and the popular gi...
Soon after Japan relinquishes control of Taiwan...
Filmmaker Kevin Rafferty takes viewers to 1968 ...
Welcome to The Great Happiness Space: Rakkyo Ca...
A single mother living in inner city Chicago, B...
Nerdy teenager Denis Cooverman (Paul Rust) harb...
With his customary restraint and ruthless atten...
Sumin is an orphan trying to balance work in a ...
Soichi Negishi moved to Tokyo to chase his drea...
This movie presents the changing face of an ind...
Paper Heart follows Nick and Charlyne on a cros...
When the skeletal remains of a pregnant prostit...
When teenage Molly Hartley moves to a new town,...
A team of trained secret agent animals, guinea ...
Genoan navigator Christopher Columbus has a dre...
Small-town boy Shawn MacArthur has come to New ...
Bennie travels to Buenos Aires to find his long...
Ship's officer finds himself in command of a li...
Intended as the concluding film in the trilogy ...
A struggling young father-to-be gives in to tem...
Director Atom Egoyan explores the concept of cy...
A young man who was sentenced to 7 years in pri...
After a run-in with local thugs, aspiring Harle...
'Every day is another day closer to the day I'l...
Growing up in Granada, Spain, young David Fandi...
     Biopic of the rock icon.  Made for television
High school coming-of-age tale. It is the 1980'...
After his impetuous musician girlfriend, Samant...
The story of a girl of questionable mental stab...
A cattle baron takes in an orphaned boy and rai...
The adventures of an investigator (Cagney) for ...
The Wrecker wrecks trains on the L & R Railroad...
When 13 year old Maria Merryweather's father di...
The First part of Olympia, a documentary about ...
The Second part of Olympia, a documentary about...
When a troupe of sexy gymnasts are kidnapped an...
                                               NaN
110 of the world's top cinematographers discuss...
The Cusp is a serial killer who kills his victi...
Having spent the last three days watching crapp...
A historical drama documentary depicting the er...
Prince Wolfram is the betrothed of mad Queen Re...
A master thief, just out of prison, concocts a ...
The new owner of a supposedly haunted New Orlea...
Hoping to leave behind troubled days in the Bal...
In order to become the owner of a snack bar wit...
A stone-faced Jean-Paul Belmondo stars as enigm...
A documentary on the electric guitar from the p...
Ritchie Donovan is a professional thief whose l...
Bubba Mabry, a gullible private detective, beco...
Expert hostage negotiator Lieutenant Phoebe McN...
The family of a Parisian shop-owner spends a da...
set in the eighteenth century, the film is abou...
In a mission in China in 1935, Agatha Andrews i...
Three young people check into the Meadow View I...
A football player at Rosedale High School is am...
A former child star buys her grandmother's hous...
Ryden Malby has a master plan. Graduate college...
A man planning to commit suicide hires a taxi d...
In this sequel to Treasure Island, Long John ho...
                                               NaN
Oscar-nominee Amy Irving ("Crossing Delancy," "...
A collective film of 33 shorts directed by diff...
A Greek tour guide named Georgia attempts to re...
A young child is terrified to discover that a p...
The first film in Patrick Keiller's Robinson tr...
A star is born in a time of both celebration an...
During an annual board of trustees meeting, one...
Executive Producer Sean Penn presents "Witch Hu...
Jon Katz is close to burnout. He's a writer wit...
The rise of national socialism in Germany shoul...
In an enchanted forest, back in the time of the...
Middle-class Parisian suburbs: Blanche and Lea,...
The story of Elliot Tiber and his family, who i...
This film follows Norma Jean from her simple, a...
If These Walls Could Talk follows the plights o...
A young woman is taken hostage by a police offi...
Laurie Strode struggles to come to terms with h...
Somewhere on the outskirts of our solar system,...
The British Army, retreating ahead of victoriou...
Ex con turned private investigator Bradford Gal...
Nina, an art dealer, has her weekly massage app...
Sabine vows to give up married lovers, and is d...
In a country where bella figura is a national p...
A retired legal counselor writes a novel hoping...
The Day After Trinity (a.k.a. The Day After Tri...
When 9 first comes to life, he finds himself in...
Late '50s to early '60s, when the space war bet...
The sinister Dr Watt has an evil scheme going. ...
When the top players of the Green Street Elite ...
A good ol' boy (McKinnon) gets into trouble wit...
Emile Chenal (Claude Brasseur) and his wife, Fr...
                                               NaN
Beautiful chanteuse 'Bijou' (Marlene Dietrich) ...
Three men walk into a bar; two geeks and a cyni...
Strange events happen in a small village in the...
It is winter in the mid-1970s in Tornio, a vill...
A youth group is preparing for what will be the...
                                               NaN
Martin Bashir conducts a rare interview with Mi...
Test pilot Hal Jordan finds himself recruited a...
Louis meets the Phelps family — the people at t...
When a menacing smuggler coolly insists that be...
Two crew members wake up on an abandoned spacec...
PARAISO TRAVEL is the story of Marlon Cruz, a y...
Mommy's boy Juantxo is engaged. Dragged to the ...
Architect Peter Ibbetson is hired by the Duke o...
A couple having an affair strike a bicyclist wi...
An ordinary boy named Michael is going through ...
Timely yet terrifying, The Flood predicts the u...
A reporter in Iraq might just have the story of...
                                No overview found.
A British fan film based on the appendices of T...
After finding out that North American people ar...
In a skiing station in Dakota, a gang of crimin...
Godard examines the structure of movies, relati...
Akasen Chitai [Red Light District, aka Street o...
The true story of the life of Gavino Ledda, the...
This expansive Greek drama follows a troupe of ...
Film which travels inside the singular world of...
The Tramp is an escaped convict who is mistaken...
Debt-ridden painter Michel is overcome with joy...
In the aftermath of the Bay of Pigs incident, S...
The mile high city is rocked when an ancient Eg...
A terrifying story of a young girl who wakes up...
A newly possessed cheerleader turns into a kill...
A rising star at agri-industry giant Archer Dan...
For the ventriloquist Gabbo his wooden dummy Ot...
Drama based on the real life events of April 19...
The life of a successful radiologist spirals ou...
Two brothers, Ben and Clint, join a cattle driv...
A drugstore manager, Warren Quimby (Basehart), ...
Eager to provide a better future for her son, F...
The owner of a factory that produces flavor ext...
After a young man's premonition of a deadly rac...
Mind-control technology has taken society by a ...
Inventor Flint Lockwood creates a machine that ...
As two brothers fall in love with the same woma...
When Madea catches sixteen-year-old Jennifer an...
Australian adaptation of Elyne Mitchell's "The ...
Steve Drexel voluntarily strands himself on a d...
A disgraced merchant marine officer elects to s...
Documentary filmmaker Robert Kenner examines ho...
A marvelous new film from Andrew Bujalski, one ...
In 1599 Italy, Beatrice Cenci is the teenage da...
When an abused wife grows to giant size because...
Sang-hyun (Song Kang-ho), a respected priest, v...
A peaceful alien planet faces annihilation, as ...
Two 18-year old girls from a christian fundamen...
Dr. Burke Ryan is a successful self-help author...
In 1818, high-spirited young Fanny Brawne finds...
A man and his brother on a mission of revenge b...
Escaped convicts hold hostages in a ghost town ...
                                               NaN
A tabloid editor assigns a young reporter to so...
The year is 1968. To a small town in the south ...
A young boy and his sister are drawn into one m...
Christel and Christoph have no education, no mo...
In London, after investigating crack addicted j...
Pinhead returns to terrorize computer hackers w...
The true story of four men who narrowly escaped...
After a young, middle class couple moves into a...
In this searing Southern drama, a mother and so...
Political intrigue and psychological drama run ...
Susan and Lorenzo have been married for over fi...
As Australian cinema broke through to internati...
Jerry and Pete are two friends with no money an...
Doctor Gulliver is poor, so nothing - not even ...
A young man tries to make some money so he can ...
Woman and her husband take separate vacations, ...
Ole and Chick are making a movie, but the direc...
A single mother and her embattled son struggle ...
A group of friends get together in a remote Med...
Robin Williams stars as Lance Clayton, a man wh...
Set in the drought-plagued Brazilian badlands o...
Twelve years after their beloved eldest son, Ju...
Three stories about the pleasure. The first one...
Vijay, a destitute poet, searches for true love...
A chamber drama about a widow and her son who l...
It is the dawn of Senegal's independence from F...
Michael Moore's Capitalism: A Love Story comes ...
An early example of ultra-realism, this movie c...
Set during the Mexican Revolution, a man known ...
Radhe is a hardcore gangster. A sharpshooter wi...
The Cove tells the amazing true story of how an...
A Serious Man is the story of an ordinary man's...
The Rizzos, a family who doesn't share their ha...
Invisible forces exert power over us in our sle...
A jilted husband takes his revenge by filming h...
A little girl goes down to the basement cellar ...
Pieces of a mysterious artefact known as the Sk...
In the near future, oil reserves are nearly dep...
An underworld drama set in the early 1980s, abo...
A short film based on Edgar Allan Poe's "The Pi...
In the wake of a horrific car accident that kil...
The Haunted World of El Superbeasto is an anima...
Disappointed by the marriage of her lover to a ...
Four interwoven stories that occur on Halloween...
A group of young horror fans go searching for a...
In Bodeen, Texas, Land Of The Dragon, an indie-...
Set in a world where the concept of lying doesn...
In Nepal, a venerable monk, Geshe Lama Konchog,...
Stan and Ollie get involved with con men, crook...
Set in a futuristic world where humans live in ...
Two inept criminals are mistakenly delivered a ...
Columbus has made a habit of running from what ...
An updated version of the 1980 musical, which c...
A documentary chronicling Vogue editor-in-chief...
Paris Trout is a vile Southern bigot. He owns a...
After the theft of copies of SAT exams from a p...
HOW TO BE A SERIAL KILLER is the story of Mike ...
When two bumbling barbers act as agents for a t...
Jonesy and Lou are in Algeria looking for a wre...
When five sorority girls inadvertently cause th...
The only U.S. Marshal assigned to Antarctica, C...
Two brothers living a hard life of manual labor...
A coming-of-age story about a teenage girl in 1...
It was adapted as a stage play in 1967, and was...
Two hapless waiters in a tavern on the Spanish ...
In this whimsical fable, Resnais deftly interwe...
2009 biopic about the early life of Coco Chanel...
In 1860, having helped France solve the problem...
The film follows the travels and accounts of Ma...
Going beyond the occasional news clip from Burm...
Having lost a bet with documentarian Errol Morr...
The story of the rise and fall of the infamous ...
Harry and Willie are scammed into buying the Th...
Four couples, all friends, descend on a tropica...
After one short date, a brilliant crossword con...
A young man in Uruguay has trouble expressing h...
A chronicle of a supermarket security guard's o...
The End of St. Petersburg (Russian: Конец Санкт...
Depressed after the passing of his father, Dhar...
Based on Martin McGartland's real life story as...
A compulsive gambler who falls in love with a b...
A blue-collar worker on New York's depressed wa...
John and Mary sims are city-dwellers hit hard b...
When high school misfits Rickie and JT decide t...
The film is a French-Spanish production and mos...
A neglected wife disguises herself in order to ...
The tests have come, and Keitaro can only hope ...
Yellow earth focuses on the story of a Communis...
The queen of Egypt (Claudette Colbert) barges t...
The morning after a London barrister lets a mys...
The Bushes and the Bin Ladens battle on nationa...
Extraterrestrial beings travel the galaxy to fr...
Filmmaker Richard P. Rogers tried for twenty ye...
18th century justice catches up with a pair of ...
In late spring, 1890, Vincent moves to Auvers-s...
A gambling queen uses blackmail to stop a Briti...
Hoffmann is a lovelorn young man in Nuremberg w...
Prince Nikki, Lieutenant of the Guard in pre WW...
Max imagines running away from his mom and sail...
Georg is a biography drama film about Estonian ...
Lacking a formal narrative, Warhol's art house ...
Eldorado, a fictitious country in Latin America...
The tragic story of the beautiful daughter of a...
India, 1937. Anne-Marie Stretter is the wife of...
¡Qué viva México! was a film project undertaken...
Get Thrashed traces the rise, fall and impact o...
The first World War is in its third year and ae...
Charlie is a boot camp private who has a dream ...
A meek teller thinks he's killed his boss. He f...
Rebellious footballer Johnny, falls for cheerle...
Rich L.A. party brat Tim (Adam Horovitz) spins ...
One of the US Air Force's most modern tactical ...
Alain Lefevre is a boxer paid by a Marseille mo...
In America, size matters. The bigger you are, t...
A young boy's discovery of a colorful, wish-gra...
Ten vignettes in New York City: a pickpocket me...
A frustrated man decides to take justice into h...
Dardo, a Robin Hood-like figure, and his loyal ...
Christopher Lee stars in this Amicus production...
The legendary Albert Finney heads an all-star c...
13-year-old Gunther Strobbe grows up surrounded...
A kind-hearted fisherman, content with simple l...
A look at the life of legendary American pilot ...
Michael Harding (Penn Badgley) returns home fro...
Three years after his divorce from his model-wi...
A tale of friendship between two unlikely pen p...
In Los Angeles, Nikki is homeless, car-less and...
Every ten or seven years in an unsuspecting tow...
When the wife of sports-writer Joe Warr dies of...
In Cairo on her own as she waits for her husban...
Two German deserting soldiers, Ens. Bruno Graub...
Political and personal intrigues surround a gro...
There’s Always Tomorrow is a remake of a 1934 f...
Set in a detention camp in Hungary in 1869 at a...
Cardinal Mazarin dies, leaving a power vacuum i...
Fictionalized story of British aerospace engine...
After eight years of marriage to Liyan - once r...
Princess Margaret is travelling incognito to el...
When King Demba War sides with the Muslims, the...
In Eschnapur, a German architect saves the life...
A  story about a family torn apart by a worker'...
Albert is smitten for Pola but ends up wrongly ...
An impassioned three-part documentary of the li...
The study of a youth on the edge of adulthood a...
A prep-school student (Ezra Miller) accidentall...
When an ancient warlord summons a mythological ...
The eight remaining survivors of a secret resea...
The movie is set at the beginning of the NEP (N...
An example of ironic Soviet propagandistic film...
George Clooney plays the dry cynical character ...
An orphan with a rough childhood becomes a barr...
Narrated by Gene Wilder brings the Chicago Worl...
Torture chambers, acid vats, greased chutes and...
In 1913, Gregorio Valero Contreras and León Sán...
The story of Polish pedagogue Janusz Korczak an...
Documentary about rock pioneer Roky Erickson, d...
Père-Lachaise - one of the world's most famous ...
A three-part depiction of various forms of comm...
A human body gradually reconstructs itself as i...
A widowed metro conductor, approaching retireme...
The film centers on Darren Mullet, a bullied as...
Susan Murphy (a.k.a. Ginormica) and the Monster...
Ali, Kwita, Omar and Boubker are street kids. T...
The English-language remake of the French class...
Philip Hannon, a blind playwright living in Lon...
Dramatizing of the many shocking highs and lows...
                                No overview found.
Nie ma róży bez ognia title in Polish: There is...
Ryan is a 2004 animated documentary by Chris La...
The setting is on a floating platform where a g...
High school student Mizushima receives Valentin...
A young boy who lives in an old folks' home str...
An obsessed policeman relentlessly pursues an e...
Jimmy Smits leads an all-star ensemble includin...
Special Agent Strahm is dead, and Detective Hof...
A compilation of interviews, rehearsals and bac...
After Yu's mother dies his father, a priest, on...
Martha Horgan is a withdrawn, mentally disabled...
Peter Glahn is released after years of incarcer...
In this black comedy set in small-town Bavaria,...
A former boxer --now taxi driver-- gets mixed u...
The Apaches are on the warpath and the Army mus...
Darren Shan is a regular teenage kid. He and hi...
Skillfully framed by an unknown enemy for the m...
An exposé of comic proportions that only Chris ...
This is the story of 1970s African-American act...
Paul Aufiero, a 35-year-old parking-garage atte...
Based on the long running play by Jang Jin, the...
Claire Parker is going to die. At the hands of ...
Set in futuristic Metro City, Astro Boy is abou...
The daughter of a struggling musician forms a s...
Three stories, three characters all played by V...
A teenager attends a fantasy writers' conventio...
The Fantastic Mr. Fox bored with his current li...
A psychological, heart-wrenching love story tha...
Two very different people become friends and pa...
Paris 1913. Coco Chanel is infatuated with the ...
With his cop companion shot and killed by terro...
A bashful bachelor penguin named Hubie, who's p...
Jack is a three-year-old chimpanzee who has bee...
A car accident and shifting affections test the...
An ex-boxer, living with the knowledge that his...
In a small spanish town, a group of old ladies ...
Seetha and Harold Berger are rescued from the d...
L'Amour Fou follows the dissolution of the marr...
In 1918 a young and simple Mongol herdsman and ...
A poetic and powerful story of a father forced ...
Set in the bleak aftermath and devastation of t...
'Vidas secas' tells in vivid images the almost ...
Miser Ebenezer Scrooge is awakened on Christmas...
Retired rodeo champion Jeff McCloud agrees to m...
A surreal sequence of images of nature and Lond...
Outskirts is an internationally renowned master...
British film written and directed by Humphrey J...
When the initial Cylon attack against the Twelv...
A chronicle of Johann Sebastian Bach's life, es...
When Reverend Robert Henley and his sister Fait...
                      The Story of the King of Pop
The film tells, in flashback, the story of Sure...
Claude is a ruthless and efficient contract kil...
The life you love may be your own.... The wife ...
Welcome to the world of industrial food product...
A best-selling author of women's issues and a m...
A woman rents a gloomy basement apartment in Gr...
Charlie and Cliff decide they want to go to the...
When young Lotus Flower sees an unconscious man...
Everyone knows that the stork delivers babies, ...
The stone-people Hew and Kew have seen a lot in...
A fire engulfs a shipload of prospectors and ad...
Based on the life stories of the eccentric aunt...
Follow the infamous ninja bandit named Ishikawa...
Dr. Adrian Helmsley, part of a worldwide geophy...
Norma and Arthur Lewis, a suburban couple with ...
Harry Caine, a blind writer, reaches this momen...
This film concerns two mysterious characters wh...
This is the life of Dédé Fortin. Signer,writer ...
Since the 1960s, a disproportionate number of t...
Set in Harlem in 1987, Claireece "Precious" Jon...
Frank Warren is a treasury agent assigned to pu...
Terrence McDonagh, a New Orleans Police sergean...
Forks, Washington resident Bella Swan is reelin...
NATO operative Jacques Kristoff (Jean-Claude Va...
Will Montgomery (Ben Foster), a U.S. Army Staff...
Natalie (Elisabeth Harnois) is high school roya...
Salma Zidane, a widow, lives simply from her gr...
Ninja Assassin follows Raizo (Rain), one of the...
A cop named Cristi must go undercover to trail ...
Action superstar, Jean-Claude Van Damme (Univer...
Armed insurgents attempt a coup d'etat in a tro...
At 18, fresh from high school, Marina, Ignacio,...
Based on a true-story - A Plumm Summer tells th...
Wattstax is the 1973 documentary film about the...
An Army veteran assembles a team of bodyguards ...
A young American hustler in Las Vegas spots a r...
The story of two men on different sides of a pr...
A dissolute scriptwriter and a dejected actor b...
Digby Geste (Feldman) and his ‘identical’ twin ...
The waters surrounding an island become contami...
Van Damme plays a dirty cop who is hooked on he...
A young man with magical powers journeys to his...
In 1616, when Flanders is under Spanish occupat...
This movie is about the tawaif Sahibjaan (Meena...
In eighth century China, the Emperor is grievin...
A deadly virus threatens to wipe out an entire ...
Ray Nettles, a detective of San Francisco, and ...
Turtles Forever is a made-for-tv animated movie...
The Zoosters are back in an all-new holiday adv...
When his helicopter goes down during his fourth...
Finnish porn movie producer Pertsa returns from...
Nine Ways to Approach Helsinki, shot by Pirjo H...
A fine day in the life of a fly presented compl...
One summer Jay finds four chimps on the prairie...
An animated film made in 2004 by the Swiss dire...
A tragicomedy set in the world of gas stations ...
Billy Blazes confronts Crooked Charley, who has...
Reverend David Poe and his psychiatrist wife tr...
Set in a near-future, militarized world marked ...
A coming of age story about an inner-city youth...
Hoop Reality is the sequel to the 1995 document...
A matchbox collection unites a lonely woman and...
Oversized African-American, Michael Oher, the t...
A hapless loser (with the surname of Loser) und...
It is an autobiographical fiction starring Iven...
Zorns Lemma is a 1970 American structural exper...
Oshima’s magisterial epic, centering on the amb...
On the day of Fadinard's wedding, his horse eat...
An experimental feature made by rephotographing...
Documentary film that examines the rise and fal...
For this second film in the cult comedy series ...
The teenager Madison McBride is traumatized by ...
Genji and his victorious G.P.S. alliance find t...
True Heart Susie (Gish) secretly loves her neig...
A 1971 experimental Canadian film directed by M...
Twelve Japanese seamen are stranded on an aband...
A man and two women lost at sea in a rowboat; t...
Mickey, Minnie, and their famous friends Goofy,...
Unable to cope with a recent personal tragedy, ...
Charlie and Dan have been best friends and busi...
Vietnam veteran Billy Ray Lancing, a former CSA...
When Earth astronaut Capt. Chuck Baker arrives ...
New York, 1937. A teenager hired to star in Ors...
A feature-length documentary about our complex ...
Using hidden cameras and never-before-seen foot...
Loner Diane Ford (Michelle Monaghan) is a truck...
Adapted from a 1964 novel of the same name, the...
A troubled detective travels to Memphis in orde...
A former Russian mobster named Ruslan, who is n...
The year is 1917. We are in the Russian country...
After being brutally murdered, 14-year-old Susi...
Newly elected President Nelson Mandela knows hi...
A Glasgow man (Robert Carlyle) visits war-torn ...
A waitress, desperate to fulfill her dreams as ...
Eight months after the death of his wife, Frank...
Two tough westerners bring home a group of sett...
A crew of officers at an armored transport secu...
Spoof horror in which a group of college kids d...
In this remake of the classic 50s SF tale, a bo...
A zoology student must try to out smart a murde...
Six men with mid-life anxiety set out for a wee...
Director John Webster convinces his wife and tw...
An orphan of the Rwandan genocide travels from ...
High school grad. Conner Layne is about to marr...
Mike Anderson, a tough American reporter on a d...
When East German Eric Brogar (Dolph Lundgren) w...
A semi-documentary experimental 1930 German sil...
Four friends from Calcutta who have very differ...
An American in Paris lives by sponging off his ...
Russian provincial town in the middle of the 19...
Georges Franju's Judex is an arch, playful trib...
Gösta Berling is a young and attractive ministe...
Danny is being despised by his schoolmates beca...
Sandra comes back to Volterra, in Tuscany, the ...
Special Forces commander Captain Tadamori retur...
A CIA agent gets caught up in political intrigu...
When a terrorist group steals the US President'...
The picture tells of a mine disaster where Germ...
Utamaro, a great artist, lives to create portra...
Filmmaker and artist Jack Smith described his o...
Yesterday Girl is an acerbic, deliriously fract...
The Childhood of Maxim Gorky (Detstvo Gorkovo) ...
An alcoholic doctor on a Polynesian island, dis...
The story of a love affair that begins during a...
After the Portuguese government demolishes his ...
Not Reconciled, the title of the Straubs’ first...
                                               NaN
An unschooled young man, one of the countless v...
A story about growing up in the Soviet Union. T...
Two ballet dancers perform a dance enhanced wit...
In New York City, an estranged couple who witne...
Snow White, a beautiful girl, is despised by a ...
An old Shaolin student -- turned evil -- wants ...
The video—with beginning scenes filmed in 1987—...
The donkey, Rucio, tells the true story of Don ...
In Spain a young artist has gone missing, and a...
A static camera observes a room as it slowly fi...
Sisters Ruth and Eileen Sherwood move from Ohio...
Susan Lane is a gifted psychiatrist, grounded i...
The holidays get overly festive as Olaf "Gunn" ...
Frank Rautenbach leads a strong cast as Angus B...
The movie, featuring Amitabh Bachchan in yet an...
Comedy - This DocuDramedy follows a young artis...
Mum and Dad, and their 'adopted' children, Bird...
Member of a neo-Nazi gang, her day job is to ta...
After a frantic suicide attempt, Veronika awake...
The story takes place in Wonderland 150 years a...
A burned-out British police detective finally s...
In the 22nd century, a paraplegic Marine is dis...
Arrogant, self-centered movie director Guido Co...
Three converging story lines involving bootlegg...
The first days of WWI. Adrien, a young and hand...
Aymé Pigrenet, a recently widowed farmer, is ea...
Ten years after their divorce, Jane and Jake Ad...
Eccentric consulting detective, Sherlock Holmes...
When reporter Jean Craddock interviews Bad Blak...
Agent Neil Shaw is called out of retirement and...
A historical drama that illustrates Russian aut...
Pierre is a hotel cashier in Vichy, so shy that...
Pop sensations Alvin, Simon and Theodore end up...
Every choice has a consequence. But what if the...
Gurukant Desai hails from Idhar, a small villag...
Young scholar Andrei, fascinated by haunting ac...
The story of Scotty Pelk, a socially inept vide...
This drama follows the last few days in the lif...
A former Spanish Civil War prisoner, John McKit...
Remake of a 1956 Fritz Lang film in which a nov...
This period piece is a fictional biography of a...
A man trying to put his life back on track gets...
Ten years after the first American Pie movie, t...
A pair of men try to perform the dangerous "tri...
Charismatic criminal Paris Pitman ends up in ja...
Set during the opening years of World War II wh...
In Naples, in the Second World War, the wolf bu...
New York, Christmas Eve, 1999 - at the dawn of ...
Dolph Lundgren is Christian Erickson, a leading...
Mrs Erlynne, the mother of Lady Windermere - he...
Through the experiences of two amateur Bigfoot ...
A story about a mostly normal young man who mak...
The murderer “Boss” Huller – after having spent...
Out 1: Spectre begins as nothing more than scen...
Robert J. Flaherty's South Seas follow-up to Na...
This brief documentary-style film presents the ...
Two barge skippers fall in love with the same w...
The tough and cold mercenary Warchild, is worki...
A renegade general (Robert Miano) plots to bomb...
Yussuf and Aliosha are two shipwrecked sailor o...
A man who lived his life as he was was told he ...
A fire in the mountains drive a wolf pack into ...
When three college guys get caught spying on a ...
A tough guy goes undercover on a personal missi...
Harry Arno is a Miami Beach bookie who finds hi...
Four friends fleeing a viral pandemic soon lear...
Dia is a divorced mom living in New York and mu...
Eddie's friends are numerous, but the term frie...
In Hamburg, West Germany, a rocker biker gang h...
The film establishes Rudolph is a rebellious "m...
Following over two dozen different people in th...
A woman's struggle for equality in Japan in the...
Made by the GPO Film Unit and sponsored by both...
Set in pre-WWI Vienna, Mascarade concerns a nea...
A film about the idea of "a revolution", shot i...
My Apprenticeship (V lyudyakh) was the second e...
Lyrical story about two young people, Masha and...
When disc jockey Grant Mazzy reports to his bas...
Ahoy, matey! Your Favorite Playmobil toys have ...
His rhymes caught the attention of millions. Hi...
Matt Hendricks (Dolph Lundgren) is the US Navy'...
After a massive earthquake destroys Los Angeles...
A mother, enduringly traumatized by the disappe...
A Moscow charity concert turns bloody when arme...
An imprisoned ex-US Special forces operative in...
Martta and Otto are a pair of traveling tailors...
In ancient Egypt the Pharaoh Khufu is obsessed ...
A young woman who is getting back on her feet a...
A group of disillusioned American expatriate wr...
Nick Twisp (Michael Cera), a teen with a taste ...
In the year 2019, a plague has transformed almo...
Fausta is suffering from a rare disease called ...
The Age of Stupid is the new movie from Directo...
A mysterious stranger rolls into town on a uniq...
"Diamond Dogs" is the story of a group of Ameri...
A drama based on the true story of a college pr...
An artist and an environmentalist go through an...
Enid only looks like she's sleeping. In fact, s...
Two guys quit stodgy corporate jobs, scrounged ...
                                               NaN
When yet another anniversary passes without a m...
A post-apocalyptic tale, in which a lone man fi...
After taking a bullet to the head, Salander is ...
A train travels across Italy toward Rome. On bo...
Two veteran private eyes trigger a criminal rei...
In 1923 British Colonial Nigeria, Mister Johnso...
Tullio Hermil is a chauvinist aristocrat who fl...
Sentenced to six years in prison, Malik El Djeb...
A small town in Italy is about to celebrate the...
A man gives his friend a series of lessons on h...
A nameless country is in a state of chaos as na...
In 1936 China, a nearly bankrupt drama troupe s...
Sully (Ethan Hawke) is desperate to give his un...
The story of August who loses his beloved siste...
From the acclaimed director of American Movie, ...
When a young Russian woman and her son leave Mo...
Cairo: a 70-year-old building of once-luxury fl...
METAL GEAR SOLID PHILANTHROPY is a movie inspir...
A mother takes her two sons on an unusual road ...
The Three Wise Kings travel in search of the Me...
A comedy centered on three museum security guar...
Former government Jason Price (Dolph Lundgren) ...
A heroic high school teacher leads a band of st...
A flighty society girl tries to make a go of he...
Wealthy passengers fogged in at London's Heathr...
A childless middle-aged couple faces a marital ...
About the obscure country-blues musician and id...
Jim Varney's recurring dim-bulb character Ernes...
Frank Gannon, a veteran cop, is being hunted by...
The global war on terror rages on. When a gover...
The documentary consists of tape of Don's show ...
A remarkable film that takes a special look at ...
Cliff Truckee refuses a privileged start in lif...
Peter Hertz tells a woman the past stories abou...
Gretchen Van Houck is just arriving in the USA,...
On the surface, Saya is a stunning 16-year-old,...
A sailor takes a short leave to visit his homet...
The small-town prudes of Lynnfield are up in ar...
Hunting artifacts attributed to Zenon (an ancie...
                                               NaN
In Majorca, in 1823, a French general, Armand d...
A recently widowed detective still grieving ove...
Set in modern day India, Swades is a film that ...
Everyone is searching for love in director Bria...
The Turkish diaspora in Germany proves the cata...
During one of her parents many parties, Chloe l...
After receiving a visit from a messenger of God...
The artist's personal commentary on the decline...
13-year-old Sachiko is about to encounter the m...
Dragon is now transferred to be the police head...
Brad (Michael Shannon) has committed murder and...
The twin sisters Helena and Irene are born in H...
SOUL KITCHEN film centers on a likable but hope...
Pietro is a successful businessman with a wife ...
Former child star Joe Davis (Joe Dallesandro), ...
In order to be technically free of the mortal s...
In the Andes, a Belgian doctor and his photojou...
A terminally ill woman and a debonair murderer ...
                                               NaN
After a seemingly innocent prank goes horribly ...
Dragon Hunters is a fantastic tale telling the ...
Twenty-seven is more than just a number. It is ...
For never-do-well compulsive gambler Fong, ther...
Year of the Comet is a 1992 romantic comedy adv...
A former world-famous conductor of the Bolshoï ...
A exploration of the fanaticism that surrounds ...
"Welcome to Macintosh" is a documentary that mi...
An old man who has one interest in life, collec...
The story of a husband who suspects his wife of...
A debt collector for the mob (Academy Award(R)-...
A westerner named Casey, studying Ninjutsu in J...
Musiikkielokuva joka kertoo ministerin tyttären...
Filmmaker and Iranian exile Nahid Persson talks...
Set in Kensington, a working-class district of ...
In this little Provencal village, a new baker, ...
Aïcha, a high-school student, is a passionate k...
Life story of a charming scoundrel, with little...
Made in 1962 (but not released until 1965), Ben...
In Paris in 1887, Irène works as a governess to...
Fight promoter Nick Donati grooms a bellhop as ...
Astérix and Obélix have to win the Olympic Game...
Joong-ho is a dirty detective turned pimp in fi...
Filmmaker and evolutionary biologist Randy Olso...
Paul Dedalus is at a crossroads in his life. He...
Hannah is a recent college graduate interning a...
A working-class family in London's East End is ...
Beverly Moss invites her new neighbours, Angela...
Hakuchu no Torima" is the portrayal of a violen...
The California coast is terrorized by two enorm...
Shopping malls - today's place of creating desi...
The burglars Sergej and Polde steal a valuable ...
Ernest P. Worrell grows a hand out of the top o...
Sam the snowman tells us the story of a young r...
A Dennis The Menace version of A Christmas Caro...
The drama tells the story of Lennon's teenage y...
A feature-length independent documentary that f...
Garbage Warrior is a feature-length documentary...
At a remote Arctic research station, four ecolo...
The Living Room of the Nation is a documentary ...
In Los Angeles, an ex-con (White) takes the und...
Sequel to the 2002 film. This time, Heavyweight...
Motocrossed! is a 2001 Disney Channel Original ...
In the tradition of “Ferris Bueller’s Day Off” ...
During the Summer while his parents are busy wi...
A man convicted in his teens for killing a chil...
Hum Tum (Hindi: हम तुम, translation: You and Me...
Two friends driving in the London to Brighton v...
Hank Stamper and his father, Henry, own and ope...
The lawyer is visiting a prison to meet with a ...
A story of longtime love finally coming to frui...
When God loses faith in humankind, he sends his...
The crew of an Air Force bomber arrives in Pear...
A Southern belle's flirtation with a working ma...
Intrepid frontiersman Chris Holden foils the po...
British hunter Thorndike vacationing in Bavaria...
Raquel has been the live-in housekeeper for a k...
                                               NaN
A Los Angeles lawyer defends her former college...
As soon as they meet Ari and Sam get into a pre...
In the Soviet Union a young couple wish to marr...
Two friends an actor and a chef discover a plot...
Thomas Pynchon is a best - selling American aut...
A Thai playboy cons a girl into bed and then le...
Searing and luscious, "Beautiful" tells the sto...
It's Halloween night and video store clerk Stan...
Suburban housewife Liz discovers that husband S...
In this magical tale about the boy who refuses ...
This animated Japanese film is a dark, adult-or...
Three centuries before Christus. Young Cabiria ...
Union officer Kerry Bradford escapes from a Con...
Ocho is accidentally captured by a drug traffic...
Anne Crandall is the mayor of a small town in V...
An auto engineer (Herbert Marshall) and a profe...
Arn has served his term in the Holy land and re...
Following the detonation of the atomic bombs on...
Dante's Hell Animated is a real and truthful ep...
A group of college students are led by their pr...
Apathy, technology, paranoia, disease and medic...
Working-class father John Crowley is finally on...
                                               NaN
Romantic comedy adapted from a Somerset Maugham...
Richthofen goes off to war like thousands of ot...
Somewhere in the spanish country, in the 60s. P...
      A man is haunted by a murder he's committed.
This documentary follows NBA superstar LeBron J...
A nursing student (Cross) forced to quit school...
From an inauspicious beginning performing comed...
After fishing out coins from a water fountain i...
As a seasoned homicide detective, Thomas Craven...
Kicked out of his house because he's gay, Ethan...
When a prominent official is murdered at a banq...
A world-famous pianist loses both hands in an a...
A rookie cop teams up with a former detective w...
Filmmaker Victor Erice follows Spanish artist A...
The story revolves around the passengers of a y...
An alcoholic Bosnian poet sends his wife and da...
Rampage delves into the subject of legal insani...
Josh meets a young woman who shortly afterwards...
The epic story of a family that's involved in t...
Dan Bellows finds former stage star Joyce Heath...
Hackman plays a New York professor who wants a ...
After a drawn-out, viciously-fought war, the ea...
Steve Russell is a small-town cop. Bored with h...
Anne Shirley, now a schoolteacher, has begun wr...
Based on the real events of The Donner Party tr...
For no apparent reason, a mute young woman assa...
A comedy about a screenwriter (Wuhl) whose old ...
Jeff Powers is the newest member of a very elit...
The Sun (Russian: Сóлнце, Solntse) is a 2005 Ru...
College town life gets turned upside down after...
After condemning America's oil dependency in hi...
The real-life struggle to contain the environme...
A biopic of Temple Grandin, an autistic woman w...
A sprawling drama centered on five key days in ...
A man's enthusiastic penis starts talking to hi...
In Marseilles, France in 1794, Desiree Clary, a...
It's Friday and everyone is going to the hot ne...
In 1944, Capt. Josiah J. Newman is the doctor i...
A high-powered attorney duct tapes her adultero...
In the 1980s, college student Samantha Hughes t...
When a hard-working machinist loses a promotion...
Arun Khanna is a spy for the Indian government ...
Mr. Sekhri is the Indian Ambassador in Russia, ...
Everything changes for 15 year old Mia when her...
In India, open romance is forbidden, as is show...
An allegorical comedy centered on two childhood...
A promotion brings a Muslim's relationship with...
This film follows two Belgrade youths on their ...
Three tales are told, each one increasingly ter...
A young father and his infant son are beset by ...
The mysterious death of Sir Charles Baskerville...
Sir Arthur Conan Doyle's Sherlock Holmes - the ...
More than a dozen Angelenos navigate Valentine'...
Lawrence Talbot, an American man on a visit to ...
When she takes a job babysitting a young boy (K...
World War II soldier-turned-U.S. Marshal Teddy ...
Greed, betrayal and vengeance set the stage for...
The scene of the crime is Whitechapel, the same...
After running into something with her car, Vero...
Eight friends in Los Angeles spend their last e...
An employee at an Indian call-center travels to...
Three bad girls (a down-and-out stripper, a dru...
Have you ever wondered "What is the meaning of ...
An Irish fisherman discovers a woman in his fis...
October 14th, 1066 is the most famous date in E...
A deranged scientist locks 6 people in a steam ...
With few options, newly pardoned convict Leila ...
Early new wave effort from Rohmer which was the...
Persuasion is the newest adaptation of the clas...
Mikael Blomkvist, publisher of Millennium magaz...
Steal This Film focuses on Pirate Bay founders ...
Accident prone teenager, Percy discovers he's a...
Detectives Jimmy and Paul, despite nine years a...
A sexually repressed school teacher releases he...
Ricky, Julian and Bubbles are about to get out ...
A writer stumbles upon a long-hidden secret whe...
Set in Paris during World War I. Lili Smith/Sch...
Adventure awaits 12 year old Brendan who must f...
A man tries to warn his brother away from the n...
During World War II, Italian villagers hide the...
Former CIA spy Bob Ho takes on his toughest ass...
Tucker decides to take an impromptu trip to cel...
Caged tells the story of a teenage newlywed, wh...
The US Government tries to track down embedded ...
A drama based on the true story in which a blac...
Star-crossed lovers Thérèse (Simone Signoret) a...
During the Civil War five survivors escape from...
A drama centered around three high school senio...
A historical drama set in Roman Egypt, concerni...
The Forest Queen grants the wish of Jonathan, t...
A comic caper about Happy Singh, a Punjabi vill...
Motherhood is a comedy written and directed by ...
American-born Ray Rehman comes home one night t...
Iron Zhao aka Steelhead, a truck repairman from...
It's 1983, and hopeless junkie Dick gets an unw...
Damien and Leito return to District 13 on a mis...
Trane is a decorated war hero just shipped home...
A streetwise cop infiltrates a Los Angeles car-...
A little Nenets girl Neko is taken against her ...
THE YES MEN FIX THE WORLD is a screwball true s...
                                               NaN
Mike Bassett: England Manager is an hilarious B...
Four friends find themselves trapped in their s...
Sergeant John Tyree is home on a 2 week leave f...
A family embarks on an annual tormenting journe...
When minor-league hockey player Derek Thompson ...
"Of Time and The City" is both a love song and ...
We are in the year 1871. A journalist for Versa...
A kindergarten director Troshkin is a dead ring...
A man wakes up deep inside a cave. Suffering am...
After Amy convinces Nicole to kill her abusive ...
On a remote Irish farm, five people become unwi...
Four mathematicians who do not know each other ...
In the wake of Israel's 2006 bombardment of Leb...
The action continues from [REC], with the medic...
A high school prom faces a deadly threat: a fle...
Johnny is a successful banker with great respec...
3D Animated coffee beans get into a gun fight o...
Doctor Aitamaa is spending holiday with his fam...
                                               NaN
                                               NaN
Rizwan Khan, a Muslim from the Borivali section...
Alice, an unpretentious and individual 19-year-...
Animated plastic toys like Cowboy, Indian and H...
During the U.S.-led occupation of Baghdad in 20...
Jack Thornton has trouble winning enough at car...
Provocative, outrageously profane and surprisin...
Drawn from the same events that later inspired ...
Ajami is an area of Tel Aviv in Israel where Ar...
James Reese has a good job as an ambassador's a...
Air Force reservist Lt. Col. Robert (Dutch) Hol...
The assistant stage manager of a small-time the...
It’s Road Trip - Beer Pong! Three college roomm...
Zone of the Dead, also known as Apocalypse of t...
A vain London playboy offers his soul in exchan...
Ronnie, Wal, Andy and Vic are four bored, unemp...
The Cossacks of Eastern Europe join the Poles t...
A New Yorker moves to Los Angeles in order to f...
A psychotic sniper plans a massive killing spre...
Enforcing the law within the notoriously rough ...
When he starts dating drop-dead gorgeous Molly,...
An elderly ex-serviceman and widower looks to a...
A neurological pandemic has consumed the popula...
Based on Michael Chabon's novel, the film chron...
When an American woman begins a dangerous relat...
Still reeling from a heartbreaking family event...
After losing both her parents, Failan emmigrate...
In a post-apocalyptic future mankind is lives i...
Wisecracking reporter Carl Kolchak investigates...
Back in the early 1970s, at a mental institutio...
Filmmaker Shirley Clarke ("The Connection") dir...
A group of mostly black infantrymen return from...
While driving to Las Vegas for the bachelor par...
A couple leaves the civilized world behind and ...
It is 1879 in the Dakota Territories, a band of...
A washed-up Marseilles cop (Auteuil) earns a ch...
Three skiers are stranded on a chairlift and fo...
A Central American plantation manager and his b...
An idyllic island town is under attack by that ...
An in-depth look at the artist Dwayne "Lil Wayn...
Lupin scores a "magic lamp" and finds it does h...
Newly married to an older man, Julie returns to...
A group of young mutants--humans with a genetic...
A theater group is training for the play Lapual...
The devil has a stye in his eye, caused by the ...
On an island off the coast of North America, lo...
The plot involves an innocent island girl who m...
Mikko Niskanen's famous new wave film about the...
Communication is the key to the survival for ni...
Will Ferrell stars in a stand-up comedy as Geor...
Invisible Stripes is a 1939 Warner Bros. crime ...
About the young life and loves of artist Salvad...
The weeks leading up to a young couple's weddin...
Milo Boyd is a bounty hunter whose latest gig i...
A loan shark gives ex-con Nick a period of 24 h...
An Ivy League professor returns home, where his...
A serpentine day in the life of ten seemingly d...
This documentary on the effect the talent compe...
A fact-based story about a man who posed as an ...
A dangerously disturbed Vietnam veteran struggl...
Policewoman Anna Mari is forced to play a dange...
 An all-star revue featuring MGM contract players.
Laura (Sean Young) and Guy (David Starzyk) are ...
A woman's life is thrown into chaos after a fre...
A group of sadistic mercenaries led by Col. Joh...
One dark summer night, Francesca Cunningham, a ...
A documentary consisting of a series of travelo...
In eighteenth-dynasty Egypt, Sinuhe, a poor orp...
It tells the story of young married couple who ...
Carroll Levis, a radio variety host, gets invol...
A London accountant (Herbert Lom) forms six gan...
In this excoriating satire of the fashion indus...
North Face tells the story of two German climbe...
In the future, medical technology has advanced ...
The younger son of a working-class Jewish famil...
Ryevsk, Russia, 1870. Tensions abound in the Ka...
During the War of 1812 against Britain: General...
Regina Linnanheimo plays Sylvi, whose child is ...
In her many years as a social worker, Emily Jen...
A team of scientists is developing a new techno...
Videographer Paul H-O must confront issues of e...
A story about love, hope and self-discovery set...
An ecological drama/documentary, filmed through...
New York is a contemporary story of friendship ...
The brutal former heavyweight boxing champion C...
Oliviero is a burned-out writer, living at his ...
After stealing a huge stash of drugs, speed fre...
A malfunctioning time machine at a ski resort t...
A doctor hires an escort to seduce her husband,...
Matt is haunted by the death of a girl from a c...
The movie follows Joe (Dallesandro), a heroin a...
Moth is freed on parole after spending time in ...
As lifelong best friends Leo and Ulrich return ...
A mother lives quietly with her twenty-eight-ye...
As the son of a Viking leader on the cusp of ma...
The popular cartoon cat and mouse are thrown in...
The mysterious disappearance of a kindergarten ...
Set in the late 15th century during the reign o...
A sketch comedy movie about the joys and embarr...
The story about a photographer who moves her fa...
The Peanuts gang perform the classic Broadway m...
When terrorists threaten nuclear catastrophe, t...
Bunty and Babli are two avid dreamers. Two free...
The famous Pearl of Death, a valuable gem with ...
40 international directors were asked to make a...
Set in a sleepy Austrian mountain village, ex-d...
Joan Burrows returns to her hometown for her ni...
A love story set in Manhattan, where a florist ...
ŽIŽEK! trails the thinker as he crisscrosses th...
A reporter asks Jigen to tell how he met Lupin ...
When Yuki finds out that her parents are separa...
An "air doll" suddenly come to life one day. Wi...
A couple of friends decide to have a good time ...
Former detective Brenner has become an ambulanc...
Heinzi Boesel and Kurt Fellner are two Austrian...
A man and his friends come up with an intricate...
Born of a god but raised as a man, Perseus is h...
A woman obsessed with Elvis Presley is having p...
Myriam Monette, a not very conformist and sligh...
In the south of France, in a vast plain region ...
In 1989, a breakthrough in "advanced parasitic ...
Kopfrkingl enjoys his job at a crematorium in C...
A crooked cop, a mob boss and the young girl th...
A man coming off a disastrous affair with a mar...
Javed Abbas (Jackie Shroff) is widowed Police O...
A couple visits the husband's family in India a...
A mysterious tale set around a traditional Brit...
Dave Lizewski is an unnoticed high school stude...
Karsten Aslaksen, chief engineer of a large che...
Jakob Aasen has hired his old friend, private i...
Priya Chopra is a fashion designer and Raj Math...
The story of former UVF member Alistair Little....
Character study of a Doctor who saves a local c...
A chorus girl (Marion Davies) and a heavyweight...
Swastika is a feature length documentary about ...
When Durga's husband speaks out against the tyr...
Phil and Claire Foster fear that their mild-man...
Set during the height of Spanish Inquisition. T...
Kronk, now chef and Head Delivery Boy of Mudka'...
Udo Kier is a witch hunter apprentice to Herber...
After a long time of bad luck, the little crimi...
A young woman caught between life and death... ...
A twisted honeymoon adventure about a young cou...
Sir Walter Raleigh overcomes court intrigue to ...
A stranger in a Western cattle-town behaves wit...
Sex Positive explores the life of Richard Berko...
The continued Westward journey of settlers Miss...
Spider-Man meets some of his greatest foes incl...
Experience why America has fallen in love with ...
An unscrupulous newspaper editor searches for h...
Sick of her life, housewife Nancy just wants it...
The dead have risen to feast on the flesh of th...
Harold Hall, a young man with little or no acti...
McCord's gang robs the stage carrying money to ...
Everything appears off-kilter when a man return...
The word Taqwacore is a combination of hardcore...
he stripper Rachel is hit by a cab but survives...
Finnish men in sauna, speaking straight from th...
In the Headquarters of the T.I.A. (Terminal Int...
Edwardian England. A precocious girl from a poo...
Texas filmmaker Kevin Booth delves into a world...
A group of high school outcasts get revenge on ...
A man with a split personality fools his small ...
Chaplin plays a womanizing city man who meets T...
Joan Jett and Cherie Currie, two rebellious tee...
These are strange times indeed. While they cont...
A butcher in Paris takes revenge after suspecte...
Two dramatic stories. In an undetermined past, ...
J'accuse is an 'essay-istic' documentary in whi...
Bucharest 1989 - the last year of Ceausecu's di...
In 1973, the first manned expedition to Mars is...
A group of artists, composed of the young actor...
An elite Interpol agent Jeong-woo and a ruthles...
Aga, a band singer, returns to Hengchun with fr...
Yoshitsune Minamoto, disguised with his retinue...
Simply put, this is a movie about the identity ...
Jonathan and David meet at a black tie dinner a...
Nine friends take a holiday at a Victorian home...
The stories of several young women who work in ...
In the Australian outback a vicious wild boar k...
College student Charlie Banks has to face old p...
A woman cooks for clients and tries to keep her...
Chronicles the history, ideology and aesthetic ...
In the tradition of Grindhouse, Kill Bill and S...
British nurse Catherine Barkley (Helen Hayes) a...
The aging Caesar finds himself intrigued by the...
Frustrated, because he is forced to produce bad...
Hammer Film’s follow-up to the successful One M...
By the mid-1980s, the fabled animation studios ...
A grieving upper class woman becomes a "Lady Vi...
Critics and the public say Karen Stone is too o...
Wild China is a six-part nature documentary ser...
Based upon the Gold-Medallion award-winning bes...
British historian and author Niall Ferguson exp...
A con-artist (Peter Ustinov) gains employment a...
When Flight Lt Forbes and his crew are shot dow...
Aaron's father's funeral is today at the family...
1000 AD, for years, One Eye, a mute warrior of ...
After her father dies, young Dale takes his pla...
Greg Heffley is headed for big things, but firs...
Based on the true story of a black girl who was...
Radha and Suraj have been friends since childho...
A racketeer terrorizes a small fishing communit...
Charlie Reader is a successful theater agent. H...
The origin of Anthony and Miller, a wildly succ...
A hunt for a spy, in an hotel in the South of F...
A supposedly dead writer suddenly turns up to c...
Filmmaker Adam Scorgie explores the illegal mar...
WWII is entering its last phase: Germany is in ...
Emma left Russia to live with her husband in It...
Jessica moves into a loft on the eighth floor o...
An unusual explorer named Gum and his kindly ni...
Disgrace is the story of a South African profes...
             The story of American film criticism.
Ten short pieces directed by ten different dire...
Miles Cullen is a bored teller at a bank in a T...
High school student Wendy has an odd relationsh...
Three sisters share a connection to a violent i...
Meet Clutch Powers, the best builder and explor...
A Freshman College Girl on a scholarship from a...
Three teenagers are confined to an isolated cou...
A man moves his two daughters to Italy after th...
City of Life and Death takes place in 1937, dur...
Five men heist the Camp Pendleton payroll and k...
The head of a failing French family thinks that...
A group of Los Angeles teenagers meet every day...
Four college students majoring in art have rent...
In Louisiana, the thirty-five year old single m...
9th-graders Kazuo (boy) and Kazumi (girl) take ...
Chizuko and Mika are sisters who get along very...
Seeking revenge for the murder of their religio...
Takeshi Kitano plays a version of himself in wh...
Machisu is a painter. He never had the success ...
In the twinkling of an eye, a mass disappearanc...
Juan “Accidentes” Dominguez is on his biggest c...
A Texas carnival showmen team is mistaken for a...
A tale of double cross and revenge, centered up...
Despite his outstanding intellect, associate pr...
The plot follows Mimiko, a bright little girl l...
A drama centered on a rebellious girl who is se...
Linda Blair plays Carol, a young woman who must...
With John's social life at a standstill and his...
During a stopover in Germany in the middle of a...
The first part tells the story of Moses leading...
In WW I dancer Jerry Jones stages an all-soldie...
Kang-Yi is a teenage girl who lives in an apart...
Although their characters and temperaments coul...
A lonely boy becomes good friends with Ben, a r...
Union spy Gail Loveless impersonates a black ma...
Banksy is a graffiti artist with a global reput...
In a small Mississippi town in 1916, an eccentr...
A once-powerful yakuza clan disbands as a resul...
Mako and her girl friends enter a dispute with ...
Julia Sweeney's third autobiographical monologu...
During World War II, a small plane somewhere ov...
The S. S. Claridon is scheduled for her five la...
When a rich but cantankerous dowager on an isol...
When the Germans march into Prague, armour-plat...
Pinky, a light skinned black woman, returns to ...
In September 1942, the German Afrika Korps unde...
The first part of the Nora-neko rokku ("Alley C...
A nomadic 16th century warrior, condemned to he...
Bullfighter Juan Gallardo falls for socialite D...
With the world now aware of his dual life as th...
June, 1982 - The First Lebanon War. A lone tank...
George Raft plays a sailor who sets out to solv...
While working at a circus, a man (Herbert Lom) ...
Reindeerspotting is a documentary film of a gro...
When Phil and Debbie Winslow relocate from thei...
Ex-special operative MacGruber (Forte) is calle...
A stroke of good luck turns lethal for Sam Phel...
Joe and Averell are the eldest and youngest of ...
Memories: A woman wakes up on a street without ...
Three young men (Jacques, Pierre and Michel) sh...
The film consists of three parallel stories tha...
Youngsters called Kildren, who are destined to ...
A hard-working young man meets and falls in lov...
The life of a band of teenager in a suburb near...
Walter Faber has survived a crash with an airpl...
A young soldier is killed in the line of duty i...
A police officer is murdered with a bayonet whi...
A French chef swears revenge after a violent at...
Three thieves try to steal a valuable jade that...
Torture is the ultimate seduction when Victor, ...
     A group of sailors invest in a musical revue.
Marian Forbes has been having an affair with he...
A slapstick comedy, about a goofy middle-aged m...
A lovelorn paramedic rescues a woman left for d...
Follows Martin Strel as he attempts to cover 3,...
A little boy is abducted by ruthless bandit gan...
A card sharp steps in when a Mexican family's r...
Twelve extremely talented men and women have be...
Tora-San, an itinerant peddler who is thrown ou...
Brian Cox stars as Jacques, the curmudgeonly ow...
The story of CARGO takes place on rusty space-f...
The film that brings back horror icon Freddy Kr...
Four Lions tells the story of a group of Britis...
Based on the classic adult manga of the same ti...
Bobby Deerfield, a famous American race car dri...
A chronicle of the life of a middle-class Frenc...
The humorous, provocative and moving examinatio...
A quiet and peaceful community in the Dominion ...
When real estate developer Dan Sanders finalize...
An investigation of "disaster capitalism", base...
A comedy about two listless brothers who fall f...
ARMADILLO is an upfront account of growing cyni...
A young soldier on a pass in New York City visi...
Angel of mercy… or murderous “Doctor Death”? Ja...
The girls of St. Trinians are on the hunt for b...
A rich man's daughter is held captive in an aba...
During the trial of a man accused of his father...
8 short stories comprise this anthology movie, ...
When soldier Robin happens upon the dying Rober...
Handed over to foster care by his mother—who's ...
                                               NaN
                                               NaN
Joey Norton, seven years old, lives with his ol...
In Minangkabau, West Sumatera, Yuda a skilled p...
Rod Slater is the newly appointed general manag...
Deprived of a normal childhood by her ambitious...
Two Danish comics, one of them a spastic and bo...
When six friends fly off on a weekend getaway a...
Kihachi, an unemployed worker, wanders around t...
A grandmother seeks a governess for her 16 year...
Dozens of Warner Brothers stars come together i...
A dangerous mission reunites Stingray Sam with ...
The disturbed arts teacher, Anna Veigh, is hire...
Art &amp; Copy reveals the stories behind and t...
The movie depicts efforts and struggle by Dadas...
The story of Dietrich Bonhoeffer, a German cler...
What if you were a Hollywood movie star with an...
A grandmother dies and leaves behind hours of s...
A cast of unknown performers are used in this d...
Kei (Simon Yam) is the experienced leader of a ...
A cowboy infiltrates a bandit hideout in search...
A small family "a father and a son" lives on th...
Old Mr. Parker has made millions inventing and ...
Déficit follows one day of crisis in the life o...
Byung-du is a 29-year-old career criminal, work...
Sergio is a brooding, alienated man who works a...
A fairy godmother helps a princess disguise her...
A bittersweet tale of a love affair between two...
A little girl is told by her parents that she i...
In a small, poor village leaning over high rock...
Before the war, in Berlin, Adam was an entertai...
Halo Legends is an unprecedented gathering of t...
A disillusioned filmmaker has an encounter with...
A heated game of poker causes three men incarce...
Three college students set out to document what...
In 1970s England, three blue-collar friends spe...
This film covers the early history of post Worl...
Dean and Cindy live a quiet life in a modest ne...
When an elite assassin marries a beautiful comp...
Tora-san visits Hokkaido and is reunited with L...
Taking a message from Hiroshi's father to heart...
                                               NaN
Tarzan spurns the love of La, Queen of Opar. Wh...
Sleepy-eyed nice guy Lee Ritter and his vapid, ...
A group of toymakers seek to use Andre Toulon's...
Track List: 1. Buckingham Green 2. Spinal Menin...
Nobuhiko Obayashi, director of the cult horror/...
Old rivals are pitted against each other in bas...
Sailors and spies mingle in between the acts at...
Schizophrenic writing dominates "Lucky Night," ...
Don Sallust (Louis de Funès) is minister of the...
A group of tourists become stranded on an uninh...
In a typical American suburb filled with middle...
Paul is a U.S. truck driver working in Iraq. Af...
Set in a small farming community in mid Wales, ...
Armand and Marie survive in the streets until a...
Catholic-Irish farm girl Kate, along with her g...
A man discovers a boy is being abused and has t...
A descent into hell, Jesper Ganslandt's disturb...
Women who have played orphans in "Annie" are br...
Canadian Lt. General Romeo Dallaire was the mil...
A rogue prince reluctantly joins forces with a ...
Eugene and Rick are two struggling artists who ...
In New York City, a husband and wife butt heads...
An animated retelling set to Prokofiev's suite....
A businessman blackmails his attractive young s...
Su Qi-Er, a wealthy man living during the Qing ...
A weekend boating party turns into a nightmare ...
Successful writer and scholar Jonathan Merrick ...
Malegaon, a small town tucked away near the hea...
Giuseppe Tornatore traces three generations of ...
Two young boys from very different backgrounds ...
Coffin Joe terrorizes a small peasant community...
Ricky Gervais entertains a live audience in his...
A year after Animals, Ricky Gervais comes back ...
A group of guys who sang together in a college ...
Mr. Omura, a teacher, leads a group of male stu...
Carrie, Charlotte, and Miranda are all married ...
This historical drama is an account of the earl...
In the time of the crusades, a Saxon youth is f...
Eddie Miller struggles with his hatred of women...
Firaaq is an Urdu word that means both separati...
Arun (Amol Palekar) is a shy accountant in Bomb...
A promising law student from a good family is d...
After her boyfriend mysteriously leaves her wit...
Pinnacle records has the perfect plan to get th...
Driving back to Norway, Lina and Martin reach a...
A convert to Islam sends the U.S. government a ...
When French beauty Noelle Page falls in love wi...
Diana is outwardly the hit of the party but inw...
Pinter's semi-autobiographical play examining t...
Scenes of combat that will stir your pulse...te...
Eight housemates on a fake animated reality TV ...
This movie details the struggles of former Broo...
A young man from East Germany travels to San Fr...
When Zoe tires of looking for Mr. Right, she de...
Elsa and Clive, two young rebellious scientists...
Tales from the Golden Age is composed of 5 unco...
An eccentric family is re-united during the 196...
Felicie and Charles have a whirlwind holiday ro...
In this modern retelling of the Virgin birth, M...
Iranian musicians Negar and Ashkan look for ban...
Epic film about WWII, a sequel to Utomlyonnye s...
In England, the times are a changing: it's mods...
The story of the uncompromising artist and figh...
After serving six years for killing his schoolm...
An American girl on vacation in Italy finds an ...
Distraught, confused, and half-wild with fear, ...
Follows Andy, who needs to hook up with a hotti...
A prosecutor, policemen and teacher bring the s...
In the wake of her mother's tragic death, Frenc...
The fanciful tale of an introverted little girl...
At nearly 400 pounds, Tracy Orbison is a wide t...
An adaptation of Émile Zola’s 1877 masterpiece ...
Ben Singer (Matthew Broderick) is a failed chil...
When an ostrich-rancher focuses on replacing hi...
The final candidates for a highly desirable cor...
After being raped in an unknown rooftop, ninete...
The atmosphere of a corridor between yesterday ...
Director William Keighley's 1940 film adaptatio...
A young man having an existential crisis convin...
Sisif, a railwayman, and his son Elie fall in l...
The Dialogues with Solzhenitsyn is a two-part R...
A bride elopes with her lover on the very day o...
A young turn-of-the-century newspaper man finds...
Born in Dehra Dun, temperamental and ambitious ...
                                               NaN
Six children at a summer camp embark on a missi...
Western sheriff Bob Wells is preparing to marry...
True story of the doctor who considered it was ...
Concentration camp survivor Victoria Kowelska f...
The story of Ellie, a young woman left in charg...
An army deserter and a black dock worker join f...
Jeff and Heather Baker were life long sweethear...
A nameless woman keeps a diary as the Russians ...
This is the true story of a love triangle that ...
Joseph McKelheer and Cory Knauf (The Hamiltons,...
Danny, a poor northern Californian Mexican-Amer...
Song-and-dance man Bert Kalmar can't continue h...
Gunslinger Jonah Hex (Josh Brolin) is appointed...
A group of Iraq War veterans goes on the run fr...
A poignant comedy about a mute who befriends Ni...
Anand Pawar (Kunal Khemu) and Raj Chopra (Pares...
         The 1965 version of the Shakespeare play.
Woody, Buzz, and the rest of Andy's toys haven'...
A documentary on the life and career of Joan Ri...
James Stewart plays aeronautical engineer Theod...
A New Yorker's (James Mason) mistress (Ava Gard...
A 1980s-set drama about a teenage girl undergoi...
France, present day. A professional conman pass...
Four children learn the origins of Halloween cu...
      Ricky Gervais third stand-up comedy routine.
Based in the municipality of Khwaish, abused by...
17 year-old Ree Dolly sets out to track down he...
Celebrity photographer Greg Williams together w...
Two interlaced stories unfold over the course o...
In the aftermath of a car crash, a man discover...
Panic attacks and memory loss signal the plight...
A slave owner in the 1840s trains one of his sl...
This is a movie within a movie, about a directo...
Architect Paul Thomas insinuates himself into t...
Trapper Joe is on his way to the town with all ...
A female nurse desperately tries to hide her fe...
An idle part-time college lecturer is annoyed b...
Terje Vigen, a sailor, suffers the loss of his ...
The seemingly tranquil waterways of Venice are ...
A probing investigation into the lies, greed an...
Perustuu Väinö Linnan samannimiseen romaanitril...
A bored and domesticated Shrek pacts with deal-...
Minor leaguer Carlton Garret takes an unexpecte...
In order to see magic idol Krell Darius perform...
Jim Broadbent wrote and starred in this short f...
Enjoy an all-American celebration of what may b...
Set in the time of Napoleon wars, shows how the...
While on a Mediterranean vacation, a seemingly ...
The boredom of small town life is eating Bill W...
An original drama by novelist Mark Haddon about...
Amechiyo (the banished prince) falls in love wi...
Kagerô-za is a 1981 independent Japanese film d...
On vacation's eve, a boy is sent to the country...
                                               NaN
Deputy Sheriff Lou Ford is a pillar of the comm...
A medieval reenactment game turns into a Shakes...
Set in Sicily in the 1930's, Aurelio Grimaldi's...
The story of two men, one married, the other th...
In The New World Order, who can you trust? Reli...
Estranged twin brothers - one a con man, the ot...
The life of a woman is transformed after she is...
When implanted in a person's wrist, a TiMER cou...
A stenographer who works for a lawyer falls in ...
Diana and Neville have been in love since child...
Chelsea on the Rocks celebrates the personaliti...
Shirley Muldowney is determined to be a top-fue...
A drama based on the novel by Charles Dickens w...
Ex Con Armstrong Cane (Ving Rhames) returns to ...
Former federal agent Jack Bauer confronts Afric...
Spain, 1518: young caballero Pedro De Vargas of...
During the Allied Bombing offensive of World Wa...
Tina Balser is a bored New York housewife-mothe...
A look at the making of the film Troll 2 (1990)...
Untangling the web of cultural and historical t...
It is approaching an election in the UK when th...
A dramatisation that follows Tony Blair's journ...
A love story centered on the lives of three you...
Bella once again finds herself surrounded by da...
A car magnate watches his personal and professi...
A film about a lifelong love affair between an ...
An adaptation of the classic tale of a wealthy ...
The Betrayal (Nerakhoon) is a documentary that ...
An aircraft carrier is sent on a decoy mission ...
Mathieu, a piano virtuoso, goes home to help hi...
This psychedelic tour of life after death is se...
A young woman becomes inexplicably attracted to...
Monsanto is the world leader in genetically mod...
Clemson Reade, a business tycoon with marriage ...
A college volunteer at the crisis phone gets a ...
Accident on Hill Road is a cunning and energeti...
The story of three people who strive to realize...
The story follows the adventures of Aang, a you...
Tito's break-up with Stalin in 1948 marked the ...
A naive traveler in Laredo gets involved in a p...
Like most of Costa-Gavras' political thrillers,...
The wife of a psycho-analyst falls prey to a de...
This film, loosely inspired by Anton Chekov's T...
Jean-Pierre Costa is a football manager upon wh...
Paul and Agnes have been going out for quite a ...
"GORDOS" is a comedy about life's excesses and ...
A middle-class family faces personal triumphs a...
A near-death experience causes a woman to reliv...
A compilation of erotic films intended to illum...
Culloden is a 1964 docudrama written and direct...
Gangacharan is the new Brahmin of a village, wh...
Haunted by disturbing dreams from an inherited ...
Charlie Baxter, a struggling screenwriter, is s...
A housewife who feels trapped leaves home and t...
The protagonist, Bora, is a charming but mean-s...
The time is the late '80s, a crucial period in ...
Logan Burnhardt is the ego-king of the airwaves...
This bizarre but compelling cult theatrical hit...
A ship-wrecked man floats ashore on an island i...
In 1971, to get breathing room from tax and man...
Charles is a young provincial coming up to Pari...
A smart set girl wants more excitement in her l...
A would be private eye gets mixed up in a smugg...
Sebas es un delincuente de poca monta recién sa...
                                No overview found.
Ernest P. Worrell becomes a basketball star aft...
Rakel, Marta, Karin and Annette are married to ...
Elvira is supposed to go on a cruise, but decid...
Empire of Dreams: The Story of the Star Wars Tr...
Some of the boys in South Park elementary find ...
Based on a play by Wallace Shawn, the film is a...
A young, underappreciated intern at the ultra-h...
An intimate and moving meditation on the late m...
The movie covers the careers of five up-and-com...
Romanian-French gigolo Georges Iscovescu wishes...
TV writer Elliott Nash buries a blackmailer und...
                     Discovery Channel documentary
Compiled over two years, an 'on-camera oral his...
A mercenary reluctantly leads a motley crew of ...
A soldier's unexpected arrival affects two wome...
Perry, a sheltered chemical engineer, falls in ...
An Eddie Cantor look-alike organizes an all-sta...
Set in tsarist Russia around the turn of the ce...
A documentary about the life of California rock...
A docudrama about the efforts of the passengers...
A privately-financed scientist and his colleagu...
The mother died under the executioner's axe; th...
Villainous Gru lives up to his reputation as a ...
A group of U.S. Army nurses leaves San Francisc...
A psychological thriller about how an elite SAS...
A film about the complex relationships between ...
Inspired by Churchill's Dunkirk speech, brash, ...
An African immigrant bank security guard turns ...
Mary Robbins is a moderately educated, beautifu...
Bickering husband-and-wife stage stars are mani...
Cobb, a skilled thief who commits corporate esp...
After their high school basketball coach passes...
After wrecking their car in the middle of the d...
Balthazar Blake is a master sorcerer in modern-...
Two Japanese friends accidentally kill their bo...
SWEDISH AUTO is the dramatic story of a small-t...
This follow-up to the George Romero/Stephen Kin...
A fugitive couple goes on a glamorous and somet...
Teenagers Rose and Bennett were in love, and th...
Cynical look at a '50s rebellious Rocker who ha...
Tells the story of two lovers, separated by des...
Whenever it becomes known how good he is with g...
An extravagant, exotic and moving look at Rembr...
Strippers in Manhattan are being stalked and mu...
A man prepares himself to be transferred to a d...
Before Superman, Spider-Man, and Batman, there ...
12-year-old Dre Parker could have been the most...
Ambitious young Manhattanite and urban conserva...
A forensic psychologist must determine if a min...
Set in the present-day southern United States, ...
The story of "The Tolpuddle Martyrs". A group o...
Snake and Crane Secret is a fast paced martial ...
Artist Yumeji has gained fame and recognition f...
Zigeunerweisen s a 1980 independent Japanese fi...
Two women, Nic and Jules, brought a son and dau...
Top astrophysicist Sasha Greenberg has spent th...
A mad scientist transforms a panther into a man...
A kidnapped diver is taken to an island inhabit...
Milos, a retired porn star, leads a normal fami...
Marthe (Isabelle Huppert) and Michel (Olivier G...
Cherry Bomb follows teenagers Luke, Malachy, an...
Batman faces his ultimate challenge as the myst...
Marie, is just out from prison when she runs in...
An orphan escapes immigration officials at Elli...
Mammy features Al Jolson as the star of a trave...
Toymaker tells a bizarre story about how the La...
As a CIA officer, Evelyn Salt swore an oath to ...
Based on the stories of Hungarian writer Gyula ...
A documentary following Terry Gilliam through t...
Jack Rebney is the most famous man you've never...
Kathy leaves the newspaper business to marry ho...
A hillarious movie from director King Vidor, wi...
A young black artist leaves his Los Angeles dig...
An insurance agent who moonlights as a carthief...
Peg and her father live a simple life in an Iri...
Downstairs was a very personal project for John...
John owns the largest chain of five and ten cen...
After losing contact with its researchers on a ...
A feature-length documentary about The Smashing...
Concert Film Chronicling Five Dynamic Pearl Jam...
Nemo Nobody leads an ordinary existence with hi...
Constantly quarrelling couple decide to try the...
At the end of World War II, Giovanna, a war bri...
The Dirty Dozen meet the Stiff Upper Lip. A Bri...
A Greek artisan is commissioned to cast the cup...
New Yorkers Bill and Connie Fuller have to move...
The inside story of the last days of a General ...
Set against a backdrop of early 60's London, Te...
A young woman spends a curiously unpredictable ...
Dissatisfied with the family architectural busi...
Rising executive Tim Wagner works for a boss wh...
Filmmaker and ex-Church of Jesus Christ of Latt...
A metaphysical mystery involving a university s...
This is the story of a bookstore thief named Bi...
Nanny McPhee appears at the door of a harried y...
Gianni is a middle-aged man living in Rome with...
Life in a new neighborhood can't be stranger th...
A three-paneled look at the worldwide AIDS cris...
Based on a true story.  The story is set on the...
Recently separated lovers (Baek Jong-hak, Oh Yu...
Unable to deal with her parents, Jeannie Tyne r...
A satire of life in modern Greece, presented th...
Turning his back on a delinquent past and joini...
A Texas Ranger hunts for a hooded serial killer...
After Kunisada's Yakuza leader and father figur...
Following a nervous breakdown, ski athlete Joma...
Amar Akbar Anthony (Hindi: अमर अकबर अन्थोनी) is...
                                No overview found.
A film director, Jean, his producer, Marc, and ...
A story about the bizarre sexual relations of 3...
One night Maloin, a switchman at a seaside rail...
Jeff Warren, a Korean War vet just returning to...
In this early film adaptation of the classic no...
A collection of Warner Brothers short cartoon f...
Besides the journey of Tomppa and Krisu, the ma...
Here and There (Serbian: Tamo i ovde) is a Serb...
Nicolas has a happy existence, parents who love...
After firing a colleague, the head of a PR comp...
An unnamed doctor has always had everything he'...
A police profiler has just returned from psychi...
Shifty, a young crack cocaine dealer in London,...
Having defeated the best fighters of the Imperi...
In a big mansion, a scientist has been experime...
The memories of Guiga, from early childhood to ...
A story about a strange friendship between 11 y...
A documentary about the American lottery and so...
Ramona is a little girl with a very big imagina...
Young advertising executive Vatanen suddenly qu...
Tyrone Power is a pilots' pilot, but he doesn't...
Accomplished sailor Charlie St. Cloud has the a...
Sandy, upon discovering her husband's infidelit...
NYPD detectives Christopher Danson (Johnson) an...
An international drug-smuggling racket plants h...
A battle ensues among two government spy teams ...
Onur, who has been deaf since birth, works as a...
Romance about Simon Donnadieu and his decision ...
A candidate in a game show is hunted by three m...
A nightclub singer enlists her brother-in-law t...
A young heiress finds evidence suggesting that ...
A gruesome homage to the cult Amicus anthology ...
Religious and cultural reawakening inspires reb...
A writer awakens one day to find a strange but ...
"The Family," an album with a velvet cover, is ...
Drama about the difficulties of a group of peop...
Thornton Sayre (Clifton Webb), a respected coll...
In the closing days of the Civil War, fanatical...
A researcher investigating a notorious serial k...
Leslie Caron plays a young, pregnant, unmarried...
Texas Ranger Dusty Rivers ("Isn't that a contra...
Loosely traces the life of tenor Enrico Caruso ...
Mark and David are best friends, photo journali...
Washington hostess Sally Adams becomes a Truman...
Pablo Escobar was the richest, most powerful dr...
The Invisible Man's grandson uses his secret fo...
A coming-of-middle-age comedy that chronicles t...
A kaleidoscopic journey into the parallel music...
Three cops team up to bring down a criminal gan...
Centers on Georg Bjarnfreðarson, an over-educat...
Barney Ross leads a band of highly skilled merc...
Scott Pilgrim is a film adaptation of the criti...
Laurent van Horn is the leader of a band of Dut...
Through hypnotism and telepathic mind control, ...
Valtteri and Sepe, two ordinary white-collar gu...
Following the death of his mother, J finds hims...
On a summer break from college, Ivy, a young ep...
Filmmaker Kimberly Reed returns home for her hi...
Director Charles Marquis Warren's 1955 period d...
A fictional version of the events that led to t...
Michel Gondry chronicles the life of Gondry fam...
This inspirational documentary follows four dea...
Ten of Muhammad Ali's former rivals pay tribute...
Fishing and jobs are becoming scarce in the sma...
A comic tale of three would-be entrepreneurs wh...
It is the story of a fiercely fought election c...
Farmer Frank (Henry Fonda) and his ward (Jackie...
In 1942, in Bavaria, Eva Braun is alone, when A...
Raphael is a ghostwriter who takes a job writin...
College good guy Joe is drawn into a battle to ...
Britain, A.D. 117. Quintus Dias, the sole survi...
Hubert, a brash 17-year-old, is confused and to...
Friends, family, and lovers struggle to find lo...
Julia, a 25 year-old university student, two we...
Servais Mont, a photographer, meets Nadine Chev...
A 9th century woman of English extraction born ...
Amateur plumber Cluny Brown gets sent off by he...
Babies, also known as Baby(ies) and Bébé(s), is...
Based on the Henry James short story "The Altar...
Bulgaria near the end of World War I: Conan, wa...
J.B. Ball, a rich financier, gets fed up with h...
A young, bare-knuckle boxer Craig (played by re...
Laxmi lives a poor lifestyle in a small village...
On June 20, 2009, Neda Agha-Soltan was shot and...
A 1946 war movie which tells the courageous eff...
A recently widowed TV producer is drawn to an i...
Set in the mid-80's when a reporter is sent to ...
The abortion battle continues to rage in unexpe...
Harry and Inez are a dance team at the Wonder B...
20 men are chosen to participate in the roles o...
A terrifying tale of survival in the mangrove s...
The story follows Jamie, a troubled young man w...
A film centering on the life and work of Ron Ga...
Based on a true crime story, the movie is about...
Boisterous gangster kingpin Bull Weed rehabilit...
Each year the population of sleepy Lake Victori...
Based on a novel by the late Finnish writer Tim...
                                No overview found.
An adventure set in the early part of the 20th ...
A movie spun out of equal parts folk tale, fabl...
A film by Frederick Wiseman following the ins a...
Greta is a waitress who falls for an ambitious ...
A self-styled accident choreographer, the Brain...
All self-taught dancer Kate Parker has ever wan...
A man is obsessed with John Travolta's disco da...
A man refuses to believe that pilot error cause...
Jed Potter looks back on a love triangle conduc...
Ellen McNulty leaves her New Jersey hamburger s...
In 1500, Duke Cesare Borgia hopes to marry his ...
Robert Hansen, 34, a young police officer from ...
Michael Farr (Hinds) is a widower living in a m...
Based on a novel of the same name by the Finnis...
A seemingly perfect family moves into a suburba...
Jane Froman (Susan Hayward), an aspiring songst...
The queen of mythical Sylvania marries a courti...
The Girl on the Train is a 2009 French drama fi...
romantic comedy in which a geek and the most so...
Indian aristocrat Rama Safti returns from medic...
Two young children living illegally in a model ...
A glimpse at the life of French singer Serge Ga...
Marguerite loses her wallet, and it's found by ...
In Torino, Celine, an American model, is abduct...
The life of Gaby Brimmer, a girl physically han...
Sören Mårtensson is a middle school teacher. Hi...
The daughter of a circus owner fights to save h...
Sadie Thompson winds up stranded on an island a...
In the year of 2039, after World Wars destroy m...
To many, Joshua McCord (Chuck Norris) is a char...
When the factory in Molkom shuts down, Robin le...
In a minor town the morose manager is primarily...
The classic tale of a man's dream, his epic jou...
Gustave Klopp suffers from narcolepsy, he can f...
Music fans know Maynard James Keenan as the fro...
Beauvoir, lonely, aging private detective, is p...
Over the course of a year, in a small town scar...
Julien lives alone with his cat. He dreams of M...
Gohan has been kidnapped! To make matters worse...
A detective investigates a series of murders. A...
After years of performing “exorcisms” and takin...
A priest is sent to a small parish in the Polis...
In Buenos Aires of the 1840s, a young Jesuit an...
A romance develops between a happily married mi...
This documentary movie is about the battle of S...
Judy O'Brien (Maureen O'Hara) is an aspiring ba...
King Lear, old and tired, divides his kingdom a...
Eager to find a better life abroad, a Senegales...
Wronke Prison, 1916. Social democrat Rosa Luxem...
A movie about two sisters - thirteen year old S...
Dispatched to a small Italian town to await fur...
In 1594 in Brazil, the Tupinambás Indians are f...
Shows the devastation caused by the Atomic bomb...
Kinichi and Akiko meet when they visit their fa...
In 2006, director Spike Lee created an astonish...
The crew have now set off to finish what as lef...
The Christmas Toy is a 1986 Emmy Award nominate...
A charismatic lieutenant newly assigned to a re...
Two narrators, one seen and one unseen, discuss...
The flamboyant Victorian wit (Peter Finch) sues...
An insane preacher seeks retribution from the l...
The plot chronicles the exploits of Michael, a ...
A posse of crooked cops, malevolent gangsters a...
An eleven-year-old boy observes his neighborhoo...
An unmarried 40-year-old woman turns to a turke...
The film is set in a terrorizing world of the f...
Emo and Proog are on a journey in the folds of ...
A website where people can virtually live in a ...
It is happening all across America-rural landow...
An Indian police officer is mixed up in murder ...
A ficticious war in an unidentified country pro...
A candid portrayal of Lily Dale, a spiritualist...
A documentary look at the changing interpretati...
"Vesku from Finland" is a film about Vesa-Matti...
Wang Chin-chin, who is both the 11th prince and...
Visual Acoustics celebrates the life and career...
The End of Poverty? asks if the true causes of ...
                                               NaN
An overview of the life of the most shocking, v...
After being set-up and betrayed by the man who ...
A tight-knit group of New York City street danc...
Silver-screen icons Edward G. Robinson and Jame...
An expedition tries to enlist Tarzan's help in ...
With white Jewish lesbians for parents and two ...
When a couple is taken hostage in their home by...
The Nazi occupation of Tunisia strains the bond...
Erin and Garrett are very much in love. When Er...
A documentary on the cryptic cartoon band, Gori...
Small and short Frida lives with her long, tall...
John is the owner of a small publishing company...
Two aging playboys are both after the same attr...
When a man asks another man more facile with wo...
Al Schmid is a happy go lucky guy in Philadephi...
An American reporter smuggling news out of Sovi...
The story of Colonel Paul Tibbets, the pilot of...
Set entirely in one location, the film follows ...
A visually stunning comedy and music extravagan...
Penny Morris and Tommy Williams are both starst...
A polish countess becomes Napoleon Bonaparte's ...
After two gang-related killings in "Center City...
A waitress at the Warner Brothers commissary is...
Frank Sinatra stars in director Charles Vidor's...
When college professor Peter Proud begins to ex...
A Texas Ranger (Roy Rogers) and his pals come o...
Oh, Susanna! is a 1936 American Western musical...
A criminal, his friend and his former girlfrien...
A psychological thriller following a successful...
Mary Walsh delivers boyfriend Kevin to a hospit...
A documentary film about a tour of three Finnis...
Since women are banned from soccer matches, Ira...
STILL BILL is an intimate portrait of soul lege...
A jealous woman (Mischa Barton) plots revenge a...
American troops storm ashore on a Japanese-held...
Biography of Frederic Chopin. Vidor romanticize...
Based on the novel Arch of Triumph from Erich M...
Becca, an anxious, non-vampire teen is torn bet...
Michael Riley whishes to be 17 again and which ...
The comedy about men and their struggles in lif...
Does God exist? Does Science prove God's existe...
After being released from jail, the son of a co...
In a world ravaged by a virus infection, turnin...
A Japanese man wakes up alone in a brightly ill...
Small-town girl Angie King leaves the church an...
Charly Matteï has turned his back on his life ...
A hoodlum tries to go legit to buy a dog tract ...
A 15 year old Somalian boy meets a 40 year old ...
Small-timer Fei (Louis Koo), his harried buddy ...
An alcoholic American couple travel to the UK w...
A company is studying the possibility to open a...
The specifically Korean tradition that is recla...
The saga of honorable man Tom Holmes, whose Gre...
When Edward Creighton leads the construction of...
Jacques Laurent made pornographic films in the ...
After the wild life-style of a famous young Ger...
Two sailors get caught in a mountain of mix-ups...
Returning to their hometown in desperate need o...
Based on the novel, a young gypsy becomes a Min...
A woman is being watched in her apartment by a ...
An unemployed ex-office worker (Anna Thomson) s...
A bored, unhappy suburban housewife gets mixed ...
                      Happier than the rest of us?
When a suburban couple go camping for the weeke...
On a fall night in 2003, Harvard undergrad and ...
A slow, dialogue-free film about a woman's jour...
JUVENILE COURT shows the complex variety of cas...
Batman discovers a mysterious teen-aged girl wi...
A newsman (Walter Pidgeon) falls in love on Cap...
After being captured and tortured by the psycho...
A Man Vanishes examines the concept of Johatsu,...
A documentary film showcasing life in postwar J...
Charlotte is young and modern, not a hair out o...
Doug MacRay is a longtime thief, who, smarter t...
A young Jewish girl leads an escape attempt fro...
Phil Karlson's docudrama based on the notorious...
Some Days are Better Than Others is a poetic, c...
Michael needs a change in his life, so when he ...
Our hero, Cooper, awakes to find himself nauseo...
Two hundred years ago a supernova exploded some...
After a little white lie about losing her virgi...
Liz Gilbert had everything a modern woman is su...
It's San Francisco in 1957, and an American mas...
At the end of every summer, the children of a C...
Wars of the future will be fought over water as...
Elliott Gast (Jason Behr) is quickly climbing t...
Professor Hamilton, a naive Nuclear scientist w...
The story of a young man's decision to leave th...
Suffering from a case of writer's block, screen...
I'm Still Here is a portrayal of a tumultuous y...
An opportunistic Texas gambler and the exiled C...
The reclusive Patricia Douglas comes out of hid...
Göran and Sven have been cleared for adoption a...
When Juli meets Bryce in the second grade, she ...
Through the power of IMAX® 3D, Hubble 3D will e...
As the global economy teeters on the brink of d...
A retelling of the Greek myth of Phaedra. In mo...
The film centres on the experiences of Robert L...
A series about the life, career and works of th...
An amnesiac wanders the streets of Manhattan, t...
Soren, a young barn owl, is kidnapped by owls o...
The ongoing war between the canine and feline s...
Two middle-aged women move to Hollywood, Califo...
Fictionalized biography of George Gershwin and ...
Lovely, gifted Irene Foster hopes that her chil...
Phaedra is a poor sponge diver on the lovely Gr...
In the sixth and final film of the Lone Wolf an...
In the fifth film of the Lone Wolf and Cub seri...
                                               NaN
Private detective John Rosow is hired to tail a...
Rafael, a village mayor caught in the murderous...
Following the death of his only son, a ruthless...
Mike and Tony Petrakis are a Greek father and s...
Snotty Hollywood actor becomes even more full o...
On crowded Milan streets, two men execute a spl...
Set in the 1980's, “Monga” centers around five ...
How much should you negotiate with the enemy? I...
A clinically depressed teenager gets a new star...
In this Depression-era tale, Calef is traveling...
Abruptly abandoned by her husband in a country ...
The director takes us on a hilarious tour from ...
An extremely weird comedy about the life of 31-...
Played out in real time, several complex family...
The story revolves around a group of "Lads". Th...
Blamed for th theft of an orphans fund, Captain...
Chronicles Jack Harris, one of the pioneers of ...
A fashionable contemporary art gallerist in Che...
Out of enthusiasm, a Militia soldier abandons h...
When Katie meets Paco they fall in love. From t...
When hundreds of videotapes showing torture, mu...
Children as real human individuals with the dif...
Locked away in the Jewish ghetto of an occupied...
Haru, an aging scriptwriter, has isolated himse...
A radio announcer gets caught up with a fake cl...
On a boring winter afternoon, Alice dreams, tha...
Leaving behind a hard life with their families,...
In a remote and forgotten wilderness, one of na...
An ex-gambler is lured back into the game by a ...
A young newspaper writer returns to her hometow...
Lower Caste Radhey Mohan is a no good slacker, ...
Ned (Liev Schreiber) is in the throes of a mid-...
In Red Canyon, Regina and Devon return to their...
A handsome Washington, D.C. doctor and a young ...
A young woman attempts a "thru-hike" of the App...
Mr. Moto Heads to China on a quest for seven an...
Wealthy Brice Wayne enters West Point and, thou...
Bear has never gotten over the separation from ...
After being run out of Las Vegas, Kolchak heads...
A renegade USAF general, Lawrence Dell, escapes...
A German-made film based on one of the most fam...
Bubba, an intellectually disabled man, is false...
A late night talk show host masterminds an elab...
When Ethan (Christopher Gorham) arrives at the ...
A successful young doctor with a beautiful wife...
Tom Brown shows up at Harvard, confident and a ...
A bullied young boy befriends a young female va...
A wandering warrior finds an unlikely friend in...
Follow a day of the life of Big Buck Bunny when...
Housewife and mother Penny Chenery agrees to ta...
16 year old Alice Palmer drowns in a local dam....
A group of people trapped in a elevator realize...
Cheyenne, a journalist, decides to leave Paris ...
History -- make that high school -- may repeat ...
After a distastrous first date for caterer Holl...
Nev, a 24-year-old New York-based photographer,...
Two married couples find only trouble and heart...
COLLISION carves a new path in documentary film...
A troupe of actors hired for a haunted house at...
Parole officer Jack Mabry has only a few weeks ...
Five strangers face the unthinkable when they w...
In Germany, as graduate student Katie Armstrong...
A French princess in Colonial America gets invo...
A wanderer returns home only to find political ...
One Million B.C. is a 1940 American fantasy fil...
A film that exposes the shocking truth behind t...
Suzanne is a well to do married woman and mothe...
Six years ago NASA discovered the possibility o...
Where the Red Fern Grows is the heartwarming an...
After five years apart, searching the world of ...
Bigger and Blackerer was taped during two shows...
Chronicles the rise and fall of the organised c...
When Betty Anne Waters' older brother Kenny is ...
It's 1987 and Danielle, the high school 'Dirty ...
In the Summer of 1965 a young man is filled wit...
A Major noted for advancing with his mouth befo...
A charming and ambitious young man finds many w...
Dizzy society matron Emily Kilbourne has a habi...
In this indie comedy from helmer Bob Byington, ...
As children, Kathy, Ruth, and Tommy spend their...
In rural Westphalia, Franz Berger struggles to ...
A scientist (James Caan) replaces a military of...
A police detective on the take tries to catch h...
Soames and Irene Forsyte have a marriage of con...
Remake of Alfred Hitchcock's 1938 classic. On t...
Daredevil mountain climbers on their attempt to...
A young couple on a motorway journey are drawn ...
Scotland, late 1950s. A struggling illusionist ...
Paloma is a serious and highly articulate but d...
A young writer called Mati is stalking his ex-w...
A pollster stumbles on a family of small-town k...
The daughter of a Jehovah's Witness is forced t...
In the early 1960s, teenager Adam Stafford (Cam...
A single woman in her early thirties, Martha (M...
After being fired, a young car mechanic Đuro ge...
Maimed by bullies at a California high school, ...
Unusual gangster story, in which a small-time p...
Geremia, an aging tailor/money lender, is a rep...
Slick lawyer Thomas Farrell has made a career o...
A documentary about the life and career Mexican...
A workman gets some unexpected help from two pe...
Out on the lacrosse pitch, wealthy but troubled...
Kaziuk, a stubborn peasant and his pregnant wif...
A mid-level manager who develops an aversion to...
Vampire hunter Edgar Frog is destitute and near...
Smith, a typical young college student who like...
A woman is walking alone through an abandoned c...
A struggling actor comes from Delhi to Bombay a...
Shane Black ("Lethal Weapon"), John Carpenter (...
"Dreams on Spec" takes an intimate look at how ...
The grail is not the gold, nor the books of anc...
Documents the sub-culture of latex fetishism. A...
The young priest Father Sebastián (played by Ca...
Follows a Palestinian leader who unites Fatah, ...
Tokyo salary girl lives with very serious blues...
In the aftermath of World War II, a former Czec...
Natha a poor farmer from Peepli village in the ...
This is psychological drama by Tomasz Zygadlo b...
A comedy romance in which breezy Haines, as a y...
A TV talk-show host who may have killed his wif...
Nine short stories based on the true experience...
In the California desert, the adventures of a t...
Bruno Hamel is a thirty eight year old surgeon....
A female forensic psychiatrist discovers that a...
Marcus (Philip WInchester) wakes up in the midd...
A bizarre black-and-white film noir reworking o...
Three years after the Hiroshima bombing, a teen...
An eccentric socialite with an knack for pullin...
Erik Nietzsche is an intelligent but in many wa...
Jackass 3D is a 3-D film and the third movie of...
Winner of the 2010 Sundance Film Festival Grand...
A supernatural thriller about a group of teenag...
After moving into a new neighbourhood, brothers...
A stylish urban romance about the silent suffer...
After surviving the incidents in Barrow, Alaska...
Forensic pathologist Kang (Seol Kyeong-gu) is a...
A Short Film About John Bolton is a darkly hip ...
Gripping, heartbreaking, and ultimately hopeful...
A Broadway director helps the West Point cadets...
A gangster named Perrier looks to exact his rev...
A divorced couple's teen-age daughter stands tr...
A French air ace discovers that his showgirl wi...
Following the disappearance of his younger brot...
Two women who live a quiet life on a farm in ru...
The new commander of a Navy Underwater Demoliti...
'Jerry Springer-The Opera' tells the story of a...
When his peaceful life is threatened by a high-...
The plot revolves around two brothers who befri...
                                               NaN
A female skiing champion is paralyzed in a trag...
The true story of Ruth Gordon's early struggles...
The lives of two Danish families cross each oth...
A serial killer returns to his hometown to stal...
Selfish, opportunistic Benito returns to his ho...
A road trip across five countries to explore th...
An architect engages in conflict with an activi...
A beautifully affecting love story that has rig...
Three college students, Phil, Ed, and Henry tak...
                                No overview found.
A screenwriter who travels to an abandoned hous...
Based on the childhood memories of actor Michae...
Onyx rapper Sticky Fingaz directs and stars in ...
Three men go hunting rabbits during a hot day. ...
In 2003 Mark Henderson was one of eight backpac...
A bizarre and tragic love story involving swine...
                                No overview found.
                                               NaN
The first of 14 Olsen Gang films presents us wi...
A man prepares and goes to work in a bizarre wo...
A man contemplates life and compares it to a pe...
A young man's journey across the mythic Indian ...
Convicted felon Max Truemont (played by Josh Ho...
A disgraced former LAPD detective leads a home ...
A poor factory worker, visiting the Tokyo son s...
Shuhei Horikawa, a poor schoolteacher, struggle...
An elegant and humorous film—in the guise of a ...
Alex and his sister run a business designed to ...
French drama based on the 1996 kidnapping and k...
The film depicts 24 hours in a HDB block of res...
In a small English coastal town, three teenage ...
Two estranged brothers are brought together whe...
A hot-shot journalist is swept up in a movement...
Sexpot film star Lola Burns (Jean Harlow) is at...
A thriller about a crook who efforts to get out...
The Saint-Tropez police launch a major offensiv...
An old communist returns to Greece after 32 yea...
Clelia, a self-made woman coming from humble me...
A documentary that chronicles Spanish master ch...
Just as Dan and Kristi welcome a newborn baby i...
The R of the title stands for the young protago...
A hard core Interpol Agent is assigned to an Ea...
Five friends break into a closed corn maze in t...
The likeable and carefree Grand Duke of Abacco ...
The sinister Count Oetsch scandalizes the arist...
Have you ever wondered how your old schoolmates...
Successful attorney has his Jewish heritage and...
In 1975, as the Vietnam War was ending, thousan...
Death surrounds Bahman, a director who hasn't m...
Sarah Tyler returns to her troubled family home...
    A killer holds the customers at a bar hostage.
Francis is a young gay man, Marie is a young st...
A 17th century Hungarian countess embarks on a ...
A backwoods bootlegger decides to put the drivi...
Russell Crowe stars as Detective Cristofuoro, a...
As a group of Danish children pass into adolesc...
A supernatural thriller centered on three peopl...
As the plague decimates medieval Europe, rumors...
Newly divorced lawyer Nathan Del Amico is shake...
Russian inmate Boyka, now severely hobbled by t...
Egon and his two cronies managed to sneak a for...
As a deadly battle rages over Jigsaw's brutal l...
Peter Highman must scramble across the US in fi...
Robert Donat and Deborah Kerr as a married coup...
Ephraim Cabot is an old man of amazing vitality...
The true story of mountain climber Aron Ralston...
Bumbling supervillain Megamind finally defeats ...
A young couple in love: Rebecca (32) and her bo...
A marching band of Germans, Italians, and Japan...
Anger stemming from being abused as a child dri...
In the 1810s, an old maid poses as her own niec...
Jimmy and Mary get a group of kids together to ...
George Haverstick, a Korean war veteran, hastil...
A Belgian nun, Sister Ann is sent to another or...
A ballet dancer wins the lead in "Swan Lake" an...
The manager of Kay Kyser's band books them for ...
A young man is torn between following in his br...
Georgie Soloway, a pop hit love song writer who...
A shallow Broadway press agent learns he is dyi...
Two brothers in their seventies, Pa and Moe, ha...
Filmmaker Michel Orion Scott captures a magical...
A small town infestation of crawling alien fore...
In the 1930s the family of old Sinas Cavinder, ...
A sea turtle who was hatched in 1959 spends the...
A limo driver's blind date sparks a tale of lov...
Wife and mother Valerie Plame (Naomi Watts) has...
Duke Fergus falls for Ann 'Flaxen' Tarry in the...
Biopic of Australian swimming champ and enterta...
A scientist discovers that there's gold on the ...
Carnival dancer Lane Bellamy finds herself stra...
In a post-apocalyptic New York City, a policema...
15-year-old Mike takes a job at the local swimm...
Collection of short films the summaries of whic...
Michael Haneke's adaptation of Franz Kafka's un...
A petty thief is put on trial for the attempted...
The story of a family living in a small godfors...
Kåre is a youth coach with aspirations to becom...
Roman (Lucky McKee) is a lonely young man who y...
Bob Ford murders his best friend Jesse James in...
A man saves a woman who had been kidnapped by C...
It's autumn in New York. Sam has broken up with...
A husband and wife are locked inside a single h...
A New York drug dealer is kidnapped, and his wi...
                               Ten shots of skies.
A story of a teenager and the strange events th...
In order to escape her isolation, wheelchair-bo...
A crematorium worker repeatedly breaks into a w...
Shrek challenges Donkey, Puss in Boots and his ...
A princess is on a quest to unite the five grea...
Two men at a remote Arctic base begin mistrusti...
                  Documentary about Russian Mafia.
A pair of sisters leave the country for the cit...
Shakespeare's 17th century masterpiece about th...
The eldest daughter of a rural family Mon retur...
Michael Firch is very skilled in computers and ...
The King of Fighters movie will introduce a new...
Suffering from acute kidney failure, Uncle Boon...
A look at the life and music of Pekka Streng wh...
The first part of Bill Douglas' influential tri...
                                               NaN
George McWhirter Fotheringay, while vigorously ...
The Korean Academy of Film Arts has produced an...
A runaway train, transporting deadly, toxic che...
A young and devoted morning television producer...
In Tuscany to promote his latest book, a middle...
A married couple's life is turned upside down w...
A hard-living Hollywood actor re-examines his l...
                                               NaN
The protagonist is a young woman, Joan Prats su...
Victor Maynard is a middle-aged, solitary assas...
Vlad Tepes, otherwise known as Vlad the Impaler...
The story of Venezuelan revolutionary, Ilich Ra...
This is a story of a man in free fall. On the r...
In the beautiful, otherworldly Carpathian Mount...
Elias (Riccardo Scamarcio) is an immigrant in h...
The film tells the story of the Michelucci fami...
Harry, Ron and Hermione walk away from their la...
The King's Speech tells the story of the man wh...
When the kingdom's most wanted-and most charmin...
Brendan O'Malley arrives at the Mexican home of...
An American tourist, a youth gang leader, and h...
An opera star's manager tries to stop her roman...
Scatterbrained Betty Barrett mistakes masseur J...
Steel Toes is a provocative exploration of the ...
A darkly humorous look at the lives and loves o...
Phil Spector is a pioneer of American music, a ...
THE LOST SKELETON RETURNS AGAIN takes on a whol...
Blaise Dumas, war correspondent, covers an arme...
A gripping tale of intrigue and mystery in the ...
A haunted Vietnam veteran, living in exile in t...
Academy Award Winner Cuba Gooding, Jr. is a Bor...
In Paris, Ariane and Lena are sisters. Ariane w...
The Fighter, is a drama about boxer "Irish" Mic...
Seven close friends reunite for the wedding of ...
Ambitious shoe salesman, Harold, unknowingly me...
The story of an expedition down the Orinoco and...
A drama centered on two women who engage in a d...
French diplomat Dominique Auphal is put under s...
In this episodic WW II drama, a Yugoslavian you...
Short documentary ordered by the magazine "Prés...
A plump and exuberant monk goes fishing, and a ...
When Francois, a journalist, tours a big store ...
Returning from an errand to buy bread, a boy fi...
When Jamie's maternal grandmother dies, he and ...
'Dalla nube alla resistenza (From the Cloud to ...
During the Prussian army's invasion to Poland i...
After a tragic accident at sea, Eben Cole loses...
The modern-day descendant of Little Red Riding ...
Anna is a film director whose job takes her all...
THE EXTRA MAN is a sophisticated and moving com...
Ingeborg Holm's husband opens up a grocery stor...
A recently paroled ex-con who has trouble adjus...
Bad Family (Finnish: Paha perhe) is a 2010 Finn...
Adrift begins with the wedding of Duyen and Hai...
Remake of the 1931 original. In the city, someo...
Originally called White Thunder, American produ...
A great white shark hunts the crew of a capsize...
Mendy is a young Brookyln Hasid who leaves the ...
After 15 years of marriage, David and Marianne ...
The pretentious critic Cornelius is writing a b...
Set in 1991 on the inner-city streets of Oaklan...
Pat Tillman never thought of himself as a hero....
Lola Stone asked Brent Mitchell to the prom, bu...
Liang is a four-year-old little rebel, possesse...
Angela and Bob Brooks are an upper class couple...
A polyptych of interconnected stories in differ...
A bickering couple driving cross-country pick u...
The Austrian Secret Service sends its most sedu...
Based on a true story, a hot shot Washington DC...
Spendthrift Willie Hale again returns penniless...
Engaging, emotional and riveting, FAREWELL is a...
Mariés depuis longtemps, William et Madeleine v...
Agnes Jaoui plays a local political candidate A...
After traveling to London to check on their mis...
Mangin, a police inspector in Paris, leans hard...
A bitter young man sets out to get back at the ...
Vincent, a young man who suffers from Tourette'...
A parolee battles a gangster for the affections...
When strange lights descend on the city of Los ...
Meet Karthik: an introvert by nature and shy by...
A biography of Ian Dury, who was stricken with ...
A middle aged restaurateur begins to feel the d...
Struggling with a tragic past, a man with an ur...
October Country is a beautifully filmed portrai...
Adapted from a series of short stories by Norwe...
A story about women, set in the present and in ...
Forced to retire because his techniques are dee...
A beautifully rendered, fact-based crime film a...
The passionate friends were in love when young,...
In Korea, on 6 September 1950, Lieutenant Benso...
Set in a Tex-Mex border town, Not Forgotten is ...
The son of a powerful Mafia don comes home from...
Dick Proenneke retired at age 50 in 1967 and de...
A young shut-in takes an imaginary road trip in...
A curse transforms a handsome and arrogant youn...
Ask any parents and the most common problem bei...
Two deranged friends bring along another guy to...
Maggie, an alluring free spirit who won't let a...
This time around Edmund and Lucy Pevensie, alon...
After graduating from film school, Aura returns...
A dark comedy which follows two brothers who ar...
In 1870, a Jamaican colonial family sends its c...
An elderly business tycoon, believed to be dyin...
      A lightweight boxer gets mixed up in murder.
The monster child returns - but now there are t...
Tough torch singer Petey Brown, visiting her fa...
A family saga: In a stunning mountain valley ra...
Rural Mississippi in the 1940s: Lucas Beauchamp...
American tourist Frank (Johnny Depp) meets myst...
When strangers Jim, Eva, Emily and Mo meet Will...
Based on the true story of a young Scottish lad...
Passengers on an ocean liner recall their great...
The film follows a petty rock band called the W...
It's the eve of Christmas in northern Finland a...
A naive young man assumes a dead man's identity...
The story of a band of brothers who travel the ...
The complex and beautiful hieroglyphic script o...
The Popular Front wins elections, the Spanish C...
Catalonian Paco is a traveling rep for a shoe m...
Hayasaki is an inventor working on an Artificia...
Set in Genoa, the film concerns the financial s...
Is heavy manual labour disappearing or is it ju...
A tormented rich girl hires a sex worker to act...
A Texan pits a powerful family against itself t...
The Charismatic black nationalist leader Rev De...
Back home, Glauco, an industrial designer, find...
When a young Iranian's mother doesn't meet her ...
A young Austrian prince finds love in Old Heide...
A detective (inspector Rogas) is assigned to in...
A manicurist and an engaged loafer, both planni...
An innocent man turns fugitive as he reconstruc...
Francois (Jean-Claude Brialy) returns to his vi...
Fate (Turkish: Yazgı) is a 2001 Turkish drama f...
Gregoire Canvel has everything a man could want...
In the remote and undeveloped eastern Black Sea...
The most unusual of all Bartas films, the pre-a...
A recording engineer falls for a radio announce...
A 12-year-old gay who comes from a criminal fam...
A stranger comes to work at widow Halla's farm....
The Silent World (French: Le Monde du silence) ...
One of the greatest of black art pictures. The ...
Sunny is the singer of band trying to establish...
On the night of Oct. 2, 2005, Hart and Dana Per...
Vicente and Abigail run a banana plantation in ...
When lovelorn Michael arrives in Berlin to retu...
Méliès appears as a court jester (a “triboulet”...
Retired professor of American origin lives soli...
Picking up right where the original ended, Mary...
A nightclub janitor discovers the personal effe...
The Master and Margaret (1972) is based on the ...
Newly-discovered facts, court records and specu...
After growing up during the tumultuous 1960s, e...
Nuori nainen on saanut kutsun saapua poliisin k...
A tour of the Hotel des Invalides, and more par...
Based on the only extensive prose work by the s...
THE SERGEANT is the story of the dark inner str...
Conrad Veidt plays a famous musician who is bla...
Two children are orphaned in post-Taliban Afgha...
In this third movie about Shiloh, Judd Travers ...
Young Jorgelina feels estranged from her boy-cr...
Pray the Devil Back to Hell chronicles the rema...
The Soviet army breaks through the Finnish defe...
Ellie Linton, a teen from an Australian coastal...
Written by comedian Peter Helliar, I LOVE YOU T...
This is a touching and somber journey of Lasya,...
A heroic guerilla group fights back against imp...
Following the murder of her father by hired han...
Sam Flynn, the tech-savvy and daring son of Kev...
Mike Leigh’s much praised 2010 tragicomical dra...
The mutant babies have been placed by court ord...
Amber St Clair, orphaned during the English Civ...
Billy Bonney is a hot-headed gunslinger who nar...
Interrupted Melody is the inspirational filmed ...
A retired baseball player reflects on the mista...
After being cut from the USA softball team and ...
Nömadak Tx is a road movie documentary of Igor ...
The picaresque and touching story of the politi...
Tae-soo tries to steal from a gang. The gang ca...
Episodic look at the life of a minister and his...
Bobby Walker lives the proverbial American drea...
When the murdered body discovered by beautiful,...
The story is set in the British province of New...
Fisherman Dutch marries cannery worker Hattie. ...
In the depths of the Tasmanian wilderness a gro...
Composer Johann Strauss risks his marriage over...
The lives of three women have a commonality: ad...
In his quest to become the world's greatest air...
Philippe, a French-American writer living in Ma...
In 1959, in Romania, six former members of the ...
At breakfast, Jane announces that she and Ralph...
Belfast 1972: The politically naive Bernie is t...
While collaborating with an urban designer (Col...
In this provocative teen comedy, Luke, a young ...
Set years ago in the era of the Joseon Dynasty,...
In the Sengoku period, a woman and her daughter...
A teenage summer in a small town in the desert,...
Satan tempts Father Dossignan, who is trying to...
An evil gang attacks the Chi school of Golden S...
An isolated Canadian town (populated by the wei...
Kyung-chul is a dangerous psychopath who kills ...
A pair of psychotic hoodlums and an equally dem...
Tano is 16-years-old and is already sitting in ...
Axl wants to find his long-lost father and redi...
Hannie enlists the aid of bounty hunter Tom Pri...
An innocent woman falls prey to the machination...
The story of a young pastor coming to a small t...
        A former comic is on the run from the mob.
Follows the lives of a small group of sociopath...
A botched bust on a pair of arms dealers inadve...
After he loses his job, his father, and his gir...
One night, 18 year old Lena is bitten by Louise...
Lieutenant Giovanni Drogo is assigned to the ol...
Ondrej, a young boy who loves bees and bats, is...
A small town is one day visited by a priest who...
          Valentin Vaala's crazy, romantic comedy.
The story is set in Kansas in the year 1910. Ja...
Black Sheep (original title: Schwarze Schafe) i...
Story follows the rise and subsequent fall of t...
Garfield, Jon and Odie go to Jon's family farm ...
Driver (Dwayne Johnson) has spent the last 10 y...
A woman, Tome, is born to a lower class family ...
In the city of Yokosuka, Kinta and his lover Ha...
The story of a doctor named Tomasz who question...
A small group of cosmic explorers leave Earth t...
The story of a farmer forced into conscription,...
Life for a happy couple is turned upside down a...
A man and woman must face the tension that buil...
Hotte, a Berlin-based pimp with only modest tur...
Set amid the military maneuvers and Quatorze Ju...
  Charles Nelson Reilly's biographic one-man play.
Tom, now in his 40s, begins to write the memoir...
Four children enter a high-stakes lottery. If t...
The story involves two newlyweds, Keaton and Se...
A young golfer is mugged by an escaped convict ...
It has taken 10 years, two little Fockers with ...
Travel writer Lemuel Gulliver takes an assignme...
An unsentimental elegy to the American West, Sw...
A jazz musician performs alongside a coat check...
Raj and Priya Malhotra have been married for se...
Two Hobbits struggle to destroy the Ring in Mou...
Raj Malhotra and wife Pooja have four sons. The...
Sgt. Thorne Ryan, who once fought bravely in Ko...
Mary Smith decides after a lifetime of being a ...
After a chance encounter, a Dubliner (Gleeson) ...
A dimwitted thug encounters a strung-out, suici...
A needy couple in a bad marriage travel back to...
Frank is left with the responsibility for his n...
Upon taking her vows to become a nun, Sister Sa...
The journey of Javier, the obese Sad Clown, sta...
"The Most Dangerous Man in America" is the stor...
Buster competes with another farmhand for the l...
The Romeo and Juliet story played out in a tene...
Sameer, fast at losing his temper is re-located...
Ellie Mae lives on Primrose Hill with her good-...
Ambassador Joseph Davies is sent by FDR to Russ...
The life and career of the brutal Soviet dictat...
Ali Hassan (Ali Zafar), a reporter with a downm...
A reclusive physicist creates an infinite-energ...
Based on Arthur Miller's famous play. Willy Lom...
Jimmy promises to return to Bombay and become a...
A female dentist is cast into limbo after her d...
Three women — a young coed, a forty-something s...
Mrs Topper's friend Mrs Parkhurst has convinced...
Maria is a White farmer who runs a failing coff...
When two American girls on a bike trip in a rem...
A Ukrainian village must suddenly contend with ...
At the age of 11, Li was plucked from a poor Ch...
The Burlesque Lounge has its best days behind i...
A woman tries to distance herself from her gay ...
Buster Keaton is a bank teller who becomes invo...
After his father is killed, Prince Valemon asce...
14-year-old Arrietty and the rest of the Clock ...
Two hillbillies are suspected of being killers ...
David Bond lives in one of the most intrusive s...
Lainie Wheeler has two daughters, but her husba...
A modern take on the classic fairytale, Alice i...
A woman gets killed in a department store. No o...
Jellystone Park has been losing business, so gr...
A documentary about the escalating nuclear arms...
The Taste of Tea director Katsuhito Ishii colla...
Sang-Hoon is a thirty something scamp collectin...
A Mexican outlaw known as "The Stranger" is par...
Brigadier General Frank D. Merrill leads the 3,...
A young salary man and his wife struggle within...
A look at the first years of Pixar Animation St...
The lives of an ex-con, a coffee-shop owner, an...
Two young indigenous brothers from the La Sierr...
Lulu is a tough streetwise narcotics cop who, l...
The plot centres around moody 17 year old Mathi...
After 30 years in a cell for the mentally ill, ...
Léon is ten years old, has lots of problems and...
The sole survivor of a bloody massacre vows rev...
Coffin Joe is still looking for the perfect wom...
A shy teenager accidentally kills a mocking pee...
Blacha (Robert Wieckiewicz), an ex-middleman in...
A killer for the Russian Mafia in Vienna wants ...
                                No overview found.
Shruti and Bittoo decide to start a wedding pla...
Rich girl loves poor guy, who is killed. She se...
A dramatization of the 1968 strike at the Ford ...
In this character study by Czech director Frant...
A narration of episodes from the life of the fa...
The true story of the greatest manhunt of the c...
Thomas has always had a passion about Japanese ...
Martin is the ambitious one in the family. He i...
In 2007 Mobile, Alabama, Mardi Gras is celebrat...
An uplifting feature documentary highlighting t...
A single man searches for a woman who will bear...
Pee-wee Herman and pals are celebrating Christm...
The story follows a married couple, apart for a...
One of the last great German Expressionist film...
Though almost forgotten today, Veit Harlan was ...
Tired of the slave-like treatment of his team's...
A series of adventures begins when Buster is mi...
Ex-gangster Tony Banks is called out of retirem...
Buster's handmade boat, The Damfino, is finishe...
The Chinese consider the lion a symbol of good ...
Icarus (Anton Chelnokov) is the main character ...
Into an era seething with war and revolution, a...
The documentary explores the enigmatic life and...
This new Train tells the tale of an American wr...
Raj has always had a unrequited childhood crush...
Main Prem Ki Diwani Hoon is the story of Sanjan...
The Skipper is a charming old man loved by all ...
Vittorio De Sica plays the middle-aged marshal ...
Britt Reid (Seth Rogen), the heir to the larges...
In 1917, three shepherd children living just ou...
Rock Hudson plays an Air Force Colonel who has ...
The opening scene, a dream sequence prior to th...
A butterfly collector unwittingly wanders into ...
Peter Weir's follow-up to Master &amp; Commande...
An Asian assassin (Dong-gun Jang) is forced to ...
Biopic of the famed British Prime Minister focu...
A discredited professor and a sophisticated thi...
An ex-Navy man carrying out the last wish of a ...
Three attendees at a puppet theater don various...
Buster Keaton gets involved in a series of misu...
Details the life of the Russian monk Rasputin. ...
The plot follows the story of twin brothers, on...
Sanjay a rich tycoon suffering from short term ...
A million-worth diamond discovered in India is ...
Based on the stage play by Michael V. Gazzo, th...
The Carleton family makes a living as card shar...
Julian Berniers returns from Illinois with his ...
Connie Ward is in seventh heaven when Gene Morr...
When in 1941 Nazi Germany invaded the Soviet Un...
A war drama set during the Nazi invasion of the...
t tells the story of two lovers, Prem (Salman K...
John Lewis is bored by his librarian's job and ...
Keld is in a rut. His wife of 25 years has left...
Ong Bak 3 picks up where Ong Bak 2 had left off...
A 14th century Crusader returns with his comrad...
Ricky Gervais Live IV Science or the way things...
The story begins with Sekiuchi, boss of the San...
Madeinusa is a girl aged 14 with a sweet Indian...
Knut Hamsun is Norway's most famous and admired...
A story of the caring friendship formed between...
When young Turkish talent Kutlug Ataman wanted ...
The story is about the Princess Irene and a you...
In World War II, the widow Barny sees the Itali...
In a small town in occupied France in 1941, the...
1977. Stella entre en sixième, dans un grand ly...
Actor Gyung-soo (Kim Sang-kyung) is passed over...
Poor, hungry peasant Macario longs for just one...
A woman and her seven children live on a farm i...
Two interwoven stories. The first is a biograph...
Vargas, a 54 year old man, gets out of jail in ...
A German submarine is sent to the Orkney Isles ...
A thriller centered on a man who is accused of ...
Florence and Chet Keefer have had a troublesome...
Four people make an annual pilgrimage to a spot...
It's Alive is a modern remake of the classic 19...
Recovering from an attempted suicide, a man is ...
Jonathan Jones, a professor of ancient language...
A well-bred, lovely, spiritual, sad young woman...
Searing memories and carnal desires rule the mi...
Jeannot, a young boy living in the countryside ...
In 1958, in the French Alp, the young servant A...
A World War II French freedom fighter falls und...
2525 A.D. Man has colonized the stars. The weal...
A stranger stumbles into the desert town of Abs...
Rock musician Andy McCoy, formerly of Hanoi Roc...
Refused to face his adulthood, a Casanova must ...
Upon being informed that he is fatally ill with...
                                No overview found.
                   Short film from Mika Kaurismäki
A sympathetic anthropologist uses drugs and sur...
Kelly's employer, Waters, is such a keen golfer...
A police captain (Aldo Ray) is caught between b...
The Guitar Mongoloid is a 2004 Swedish film dir...
In La Paz -as opposed to many other cities- the...
Caitlin Fairchild, a teenager offered a place i...
In his new film, an intriguing and delicately c...
A documentary on the relationship between fashi...
The tough Detective Vares, get hired by a frien...
Buster is falsely accused of breaking a window ...
Buster clowns around in a blacksmith's shop unt...
Michael Anderson's 1961 suspense thriller stars...
A Japanese man and a gay bar-owner in Hong Kong...
The Strongest Man in the World is a 1975 film s...
¿Bastan 7 minutos para enamorarse? Los protagon...
A true-life epic that revolves around an exclus...
Lisa and Julien are married and lead a happy un...
Jealousy flares after the headmistress of an el...
Yael Hersonski's powerful documentary achieves ...
When Day, a sunny fellow, encounters Night, a s...
In this sold-out performance, Canadian comic Ru...
Russell’s last DVD and CD, Outsourced, was tape...
The story of the voyage of the "Mayflower" in i...
The triumphs and failures of middle age as seen...
The weirdest alien of the galaxy pays a visit t...
Hafiz, a rascally beggar on the periphery of th...
After a vicious attacks leaves him brain-damage...
An army of gay/nazi bikers make their engines r...
As the Japanese sweep through the East Indies d...
A spirited young woman finds herself destitute ...
This satirical parody of William S. Hart's melo...
Botany major Buster mistakenly graduates in ele...
A hotel. A cliff. Six lost people, looking for ...
“The Living Wake” is a dark comedy set in a tim...
Longtime friends Ronny and Nick are partners in...
A drama centered on a go-go dancer with multipl...
Members of a traveling jazz band try to keep th...
It's the early nineteenth century Washington. Y...
Unassuming and single thirty-three year old Til...
Karen, Sarah, and Emma Tunney are all moving to...
A gangster (Alan Ladd) escapes from boot camp w...
Widowed Mrs. Saraswati Batra (Waheeda Rehman) h...
In order to impress the father of a girl he is ...
An American girl on vacation in Argentina falls...
Based on Henry James' novel with the same title...
A budding young writer thinks it's her lucky da...
When Steve Coogan is asked by The Observer to t...
The year was 1941, and the world was on the bri...
Two genius brothers grow up and grow apart as o...
The story of a seemingly settled bank employee ...
2012: Time For Change is a documentary feature ...
A documentary that takes an alternative approac...
Achim Bornhak's movie focuses on the restless l...
In Seoul, Korea, two sisters must look after ea...
Bart Allison arrives in Sundown after a three y...
Tensions between members of a film crew build w...
Two kids, Dylan and Kylie, run away from home a...
Four strangers board a plane and become fast fr...
A former Judo champion is given the chance to r...
Michel is a Belgian inventor. He cares for his ...
In eighteenth-century France a girl (Suzanne Si...
Documentary of the S-21 genocide prison in Phno...
Grandmother Mi Ja works part-time as a caretake...
Mato Grosso do Sul, Brazil, the present. When a...
A dramatization, in modern theatrical style, of...
The obsessive and jealous shipowner Bruce Vail ...
A countess fleeing her husband mistakes a count...
Paul Hanganu loves two women. Adriana his wife ...
A surreal odyssey in which a melancholic maidse...
An American journalist in Prague searches for h...
A man's affair with his family's housemaid lead...
In this Star Wars take-off, the peaceful planet...
The world is destroyed in a nuclear holocaust. ...
After being frightened by a peeping Tom at her ...
A paranoia-fueled action thriller about an unsu...
The compelling feature-length documentary film,...
In the center of the story is the life of the i...
A spoiled, materialistic woman makes life miser...
"Wishful Drinking" is based on Fisher's memoirs...
When Stevie meets Neil on the day he comes to d...
Bastard depicts the distress of needy children ...
A man meets up with two "good guys" to recover ...
A poet is hired by the owner of a wax museum in...
In this notorious Nazi propaganda historical co...
In the middle of the 16th century, Hideyoshi, a...
After surviving the slaughter of many Christian...
Under constant attack by monstrous creatures ca...
A remake of the 1979 controversial cult classic...
In 1913, laconic sea captain Corto Maltese, adr...
Véronique Chambon (Sandrine Kiberlain), a singl...
Vittorio is looking for a woman who matches his...
A cop investigates the murder of a beautiful te...
Buster and Phyllis endure a number of outdoor a...
In an attempt to forget his lost sweetheart, Bu...
Simon has Asperger's syndrome and doesn't like ...
In 2007 the legendary American duo White Stripe...
After his hatred of dishonesty costs him his jo...
Focuses on Sebastian and Costa, obsessive filmm...
Years after their teenage daughter’s death, Loi...
A New Yorker hobo moves into a mansion and alon...
Professor Sinigaglia (Marcello Mastroianni) is ...
Don't be fooled by the title. Christmas Holiday...
Ambitious but thwarted, Rae Smith meets handsom...
Hypochondriac Danny Weems gets drafted and acci...
On a dark Christmas Eve in a small town, the lo...
Six friends receive a mysterious chain letter v...
Zeitgeist: Moving Forward, by director Peter Jo...
TV's Frankie Boyle has declared that no-one ove...
Having been adopted by the madam of a southwest...
    A documentary about the work of Buster Keaton.
Inspired by the passion of two young Navy offic...
Jenny Stewart is a tough Broadway musical star ...
This is a story about family relationships, set...
A down-to-earth pilot (Robert Cummings) charms ...
The story of a murder trial where a Mexican boy...
The Whisperers tells the story of an impoverish...
The movie follows the lives of a woman and a ma...
After an accident, a chauvinistic executive gai...
Kevin McCallister's parents have split up. Now ...
A code that foretells the greatest prophecies o...
A rancher's daughter visits Paris to meet her m...
John Cazale was in only five films - The Godfat...
India. The spoilt and stubborn Edwina Esketh, c...
Emma is a busy doctor who sets up a seemingly p...
A comedy of manners, its cast of characters dev...
A lawyer conducts business from the back of his...
Seminary student Michael Kovak (Colin O'Donoghu...
Three juvenile delinquents arrive at a correcti...
Lex Luthor enacts his plan to rid the world of ...
Carlos has always dreamed about being an actor;...
In this modern-day version of the Rasputin stor...
From the first time he performed Swimming to Ca...
Macário spends an entire train journey to the A...
                                               NaN
In Seoul, the paths of two men and one woman in...
                                               NaN
A troubled young woman is thrown out of a conve...
The poor, elderly,.....and wily when it comes t...
A powerful drama relating the intimate aspect o...
Mysterious Object at Noon is part fiction, part...
A soldier returning from war is hired by her ow...
The New York killer (Ray Danton) goes from mob ...
A novelist has an affair with two women, findin...
Just released from prison, a young woman arrive...
A group of eccentric students decide to make a ...
An absurdist look at depressed but adaptable Bu...
A prisoner leads his counterparts in a protest ...
Going from a lawyer to a writer, and then to a ...
From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia: Lucky La...
A man shares some lazy memories about his frien...
A documentary which examines the creation and c...
Raja is a nineteen year old orphan literally an...
Present days. A man and his companion go on a j...
A group of confederate prisoners escape to Cana...
A collection of artifacts from an archeological...
A dynamic duo in silk and ermine entertain hick...
In this pitch-black action comedy by Kihachi Ok...
A thriller about a case of highly contagious sw...
Three women in their late thirties, one with ma...
About existence from the perspective of 20 name...
During Napoleon's victorious campaign in German...
                                               NaN
A self-portrait documentary of Dusan Makavejev ...
                                               NaN
                                               NaN
Action-filled drama about a ship captain, asham...
A whimsical fish-out-of-water story of two spoi...
Parallel stories of Eros set in 200 B.C. Nomadi...
Survivors of a feral flesh-eating clan are chow...
The evil Hikita clan rises from the dead to ful...
A fortuneteller prophesizes that whoever marrie...
Soon after the rising young singer-songwriter B...
An American biologist attending a conference in...
The 3-D action-thriller Sanctum, from executive...
A naive Midwesterner insurance salesman travels...
The Tongan Ninja is dispatched to the island na...
When Max, who is recovering from a traumatic ac...
A version of Shakespeare's play, set in the wor...
Stan and Ollie work in a horn factory. Ollie st...
Skippy, the mischievous son of a wealthy doctor...
Allegheny Uprising is a 1939 film produced by R...
Sea-faring saga of two brothers (Robert Taylor,...
Dublin; June 16, 1904. Stephen Dedalus, who fan...
A timid, insecure popular author with an overly...
HBO miniseries about the the public and private...
Mario "Cantinflas" Moreno is a hired hand, Pepe...
Mary, a writer working on a novel about a love ...
Blake is in love with an aristocratic woman who...
A California commercial pilot sees a telecast i...
After a long absence, Mary Jane visits her scho...
Following American reporter Stephen Fitzgerald ...
While on safari in an unexplored area of Africa...
With no other prospects, a World War I veteran ...
Robert Montgomery plays a jealous man who plots...
Two 19th-century opportunists (Simon Pegg, Andy...
A series of murders occur that mirror those com...
Mr. Kim is jobless, lost in debt and has been d...
This gripping historical drama recounts the sto...
A mysterious global blackout yields countless p...
A widow shepherd who lives at the Aragonese Pyr...
In a desolate section of the Sahara once ruled ...
A young woman looks to escape her abusive life ...
Attempting to sell her home after her marriage ...
A biker gang visits a monastery where they enco...
A solitary man's only pastime is to go to a mov...
A collage of Derek Jarman's super 8 footage spa...
This documentary feature takes an in-depth look...
For the past 60 years, a space-traveling smart-...
As children, Nick and his little brother take c...
Jane lives in London with her boyfriend Richard...
A well known Parisian inspector becomes involve...
An American junior diplomat in London rents a h...
The story of an anthropology professor Michal's...
What Is It? is the name of a 2005 experimental ...
The Yangs are betrayed by a government official...
Hugo is a brilliant turn-of-the-century scienti...
A high school graduate, Yusuf could not pass th...
From 1970-1977, six low budget films shown at m...
Mousse and Louis are young, beautiful, rich and...
In this classically surreal fantasy, a sailor, ...
After reading too many novels about knights and...
The aging Zhao embarks on his final and greates...
When last we saw Kay Hoog (millionaire adventur...
The Buddah priest wants the Daughter of the Dai...
Arriving in Moscow, Chechen veteran Danila (Ser...
Emma Woodhouse seems to be perfectly content, a...
The story is from the Biblical Book of Judith. ...
The autobiography of a Somalian nomad who was s...
Leading a lazy life, Fumiya has been a universi...
A troubled detective befriends a single woman a...
When Jade, a web-cam girl, visits Takeko's tatt...
Matacanes dies and goes to heaven just to disco...
This Civil War anthology adapts three Ambrose B...
Four socialites unexpectedly clash: heiress Bro...
Two soulmates find eachother only to be torn ap...
Based in a London suburb Mahmud Nasir lives wit...
Die Feuerzangenbowle from Director Helmut Weiss...
The Pope's tailor sends his son, a virgin at 35...
A veteran leaves the army, and finds a home wit...
Milton is a hardened felon who has broken out o...
When Rango, a lost family pet, accidentally win...
Shrimpers and oilmen clash when an ambitious wi...
Recent MIT grad Matt Franklin (Topher Grace) sh...
A psychological thriller of a grieving mother t...
A man glimpses the future Fate has planned for ...
An adaptation of Shakespeare's classic is set i...
Engineer Johnny Munroe is enlisted to build a r...
An American newspaperman and his wife, caught i...
In the Jewish tradition of arguing with God, Je...
The beginings of the Algerian Revolution as see...
The Long Absence (French: Une aussi longue abse...
Lapland Odyssey is a comedy about Janne, a man ...
The film pivots around the local doctor and his...
A teacher on a Greek island becomes involved in...
Concert footage and offstage documentary of sin...
Filmmaker Martin Scorsese interviews his mother...
Two young Mexican attorneys attempt to exonerat...
Captures a generational moment - young people o...
An American gets caught up in wartime action in...
Zé is a very poor man from the Brazilian countr...
A woman falls for a younger man with severe men...
Realizing the urban legend of their youth has a...
Arthur Bishop is a 'mechanic' - an elite assass...
When best buds Rick and Fred begin to show sign...
In 140 AD, twenty years after the unexplained d...
A teenage fugitive with an incredible secret ra...
Recovering from a nail gun shot to the head and...
A documentary about the White family of Boone C...
In an old apartment building on the wrong side ...
Mary Crow Dog, daughter of a desperately poor I...
A civil war broke out in the 1950s between Nort...
The Earth is attacked by unknown forces. As peo...
A skeptical college professor discovers that hi...
Emilie has been hired to care for the four sons...
Two women love the same man in a world of few p...
A bank security expert plots with a call girl t...
Kenji is your typical teenage misfit. He’s good...
A full length animated film for all the family ...
In 1916, laconic adventurer Corto Maltese is in...
Hugo Pratt's famous comics adventurer, Corto Ma...
A feature-length documentary starring Fran Lebo...
A carousel barker falls in love with a young wo...
Prince Danilo falls in love with dancer Sally O...
A young pathologist seeks answers to the myster...
Set in the 1960's, high school student Toru Wat...
Based on the play of the same name by Pulitzer ...
3 college cheerleaders use their martial arts k...
Two shady concert promoters get into hot water ...
Schoolteacher Hisako Oishi struggles to imbue h...
Christopher Robin's bear attempts to raid a bee...
When Martians suddenly abduct his mom, mischiev...
What brings best friends together? For Daphne, ...
Hywel Bennett stars as Martin Durnley, a rich b...
The story of lawsuit by tens of thousands of Ec...
UNCOUNTED exposes how the election fraud that a...
28-year-old Kansas University doctoral student ...
Two young men fall for the woman staying upstai...
Terry and Dean head north to make sweet cash in...
The Bannen Way is a slick, sexy, action-packed ...
Scooby-Doo and the gang are on the case when a ...
Black Lightning is a Russian superhero film abo...
Inspired by actual events in the late nineties ...
Waking from a one-night stand that neither reme...
Danville, Connecticut at the turn of the centur...
As his town is flooded by water, an old man bui...
Rabbit is tired of Tigger always bouncing him, ...
A money order from a relative in Paris throws t...
Un grupo de amigos de Barcelona se reúnen casi ...
A gifted and well-qualified young teacher takes...
Trapped in a house of horror, seven people disc...
A cat reminisces about his life with and feelin...
During the 1940s, a group of young men go off t...
A man with a bazooka helps defend air-freighter...
After a bloody invasion of the BOPE in the High...
An adolescent girl, living with her mother and ...
The story of Jacques Mesrine, France's public e...
Jeff, a down on his luck office worker finds ou...
A Seattle history professor, drawn back to his ...
He was a postal clerk. She was a librarian. Wit...
Uses astonishing visuals to tell the intersecti...
A plastic surgeon, romancing a much younger sch...
When it was released in 1968, For Love of Ivy w...
A housewife takes over her husband's umbrella b...
When their mother dies in childbirth, Emma That...
Fay Bainter stars in this 1938 film, based on t...
Elephants disrupt the lives of a family deep in...
Rags-to-riches Hennessey meets newlyweds Jessie...
A young man inherits a nearly bankrupt funeral ...
Werner Herzog gains exclusive access to film in...
Valerie is in love with a brooding outsider, Pe...
FBI agent Malcolm Turner and his 17-year-old so...
After his wife falls under the influence of a d...
"Fredrik Egerman is very happy in his marriage ...
Akseli Koskela returns from prison and tries to...
A group of students investigates a series of my...
Decorated soldier Captain Colter Stevens wakes ...
After a bleak childhood, Jane Eyre goes out int...
John has lead a solitary life for thirty years ...
    52min | Documentary | TV Movie 12 January 2005
An extravagant odyssey from Communism to Capita...
Cass Brown  is about to marry for the second ti...
Mary Herries has a passion for art and fine fur...
Wild Is the Wind represents a (perhaps delibera...
Follows six extreme sports stars as they prepar...
A young girl is institutionalized by her abusiv...
Friends become increasingly addicted to a video...
Friends and family of Cory, a young man who has...
An aging Tennessee farmer returns to his homest...
A Taliban soldier struggles to survive after he...
Ryu is a solitary girl whose fragile appearance...
The Caravana Rolidei rolls into town with the G...
A revealing look at the outspoken, flamboyant f...
A caregiver at a small retirement home takes on...
Mehmet, a young Turkish man newly migrated from...
The sequel to the highly successful Australian ...
While working a job at an exclusive ski resort ...
                                               NaN
Felipe, an aspiring actor, believes he is jinxe...
John James is a writer; his wife has left him. ...
In the harsh post-war years' Catalan countrysid...
Chick Williams, a prohibition gangster, rejoins...
Winnie the Pooh and friends decide to throw a b...
CHRISTIAN SLATER plays a worldly and urbane pri...
Fat German star restaurant chef Gregor shows ro...
A mysterious woman (Simone Signoret) in black m...
The Biblical story of Noah and the Great Flood,...
A movie based on real wartime diaries tells the...
                                No overview found.
A debt collector receives a call from a woman w...
Thrown naked into a desolate room with thirteen...
A documentary that explores the life styles of ...
A woman murders her husband, upon his return ho...
Denny Montana never looks at Claire. She has be...
When a planeload of Pakistani orphans are shipp...
Throughout the ’80s John Hughes defined the tee...
What lengths will a robot undergo to do his job...
Despite living in luxury, Vera is lonely and di...
When Viktor meets Gizella one day beside the la...
                                               NaN
It is the story of a sportsman who is a little ...
The true story of Australia's cat-and-mouse und...
In the early 1980s, an FBI Agent is assigned to...
When Thomas´ sister dies in an accident, he dis...
Senna's remarkable story, charting his physical...
In the second installment of the Death Note fil...
An imaginary return of dictator Ceausescu after...
A family discovers that dark spirits have invad...
Set in 1845, this drama follows a group of sett...
In 1939, American Tom Martin, who fought in the...
An orphaned Irish boy is taken in by his mother...
A vigilante homeless man pulls into a new city ...
A wily D.A.(Brady) gets a 10 year conviction of...
A US intelligence officer, stationed in Germany...
"The human whose name is written in the Death N...
When down-on-his-luck part-time high school wre...
Rain Murphy is a man sentenced to life in priso...
A hotel room in the center of Rome serves as th...
U. S. Navy Lieutenant Gregg Masterman, of The H...
Ross Bodine and Frank Post are cowhands on Walt...
Life on a British bomber base, and the surround...
Jeremy Rodock is a tough horse rancher who stri...
An examination of the creation of the state of ...
A wild bachelor party and an agonizing defeat i...
                                               NaN
When an unhappy young woman disappears, her wor...
Friends gather for the funeral of a friend. Sub...
Lab technician Virgil Gurdies struggles to choo...
Cozy, a dissatisfied housewife, meets Lee at a ...
On a deep space mining mission to a remote plan...
One hundred years in the future... Due to overp...
A co-ed group of Special Forces agents search t...
It's 1984, and Michael Jackson is king - even i...
In 1952, an Inuit hunter named Tivii with tuber...
Back in middle school after summer vacation, Gr...
Countess Irina of Karlstein resides quietly in ...
An aimless man is sent to prison for a crime he...
The mayor of Sunny Dale see a chance to get rid...
Shaban is Ramadan's best friend whom he met whi...
Lazy, uneducated students mostly coming from mo...
E.B., the Easter Bunny's teenage son, heads to ...
Three women, all strangers to each other, meet ...
A man comes home to meet his mother and sister ...
A young man drops out of university and goes to...
In 1985, in a coastal town, the friends Koldo, ...
Sven arrives in nowadays Auschwitz to do his ci...
Film ist. consists almost entirely of excerpts ...
Learning of his family's collapse, acolyte Goic...
Twenty-something Ana, now living in Buenos Aire...
                                No overview found.
The life of a young girl who plays with little ...
Lazy, uneducated male students mostly coming fr...
Story of a dilemma between a woman's love and h...
On Christmas Eve, a little girl named Marie (Co...
Chengdu nowadays. The state owned factory 420 s...
Portrayal of the late Bradford playwright Andre...
Journalist Laura (Monica del Carmen) works at h...
The Traveler is a 1974 Iranian drama film direc...
A bravado period action film set at the end of ...
Formerly successful television producer Joachim...
Various stories of how crack cocaine has infilt...
Koko: A Talking Gorilla is a documentary direct...
Joe Goodies has just entered an advertising age...
Love That Boy is the story of Phoebe, a sociall...
A small-town piano teacher is shocked by the ar...
A suicidal factory girl out of reformatory scho...
Two brothers, 23 and 16, who are both teen idol...
A man climbs a 12,000-foot mountain to search f...
What is the life of a Geisha like once her beau...
A 16-year-old girl raised by her father to be t...
After being framed for a policeman's murder, a ...
Danny Haley's bookie operation is shut down, so...
St. George Slays the Dragon (Serbian: Sveti Geo...
The story of a disciplined and sexually driven ...
This ground-breaking cinema véritè classic docu...
Five friends from 'Maaskantje' are getting fire...
Documentary  Follow James Burke through the his...
An epic tale about a group of whale watchers, w...
A three-tiered story centered around drugs and ...
To Joy (Swedish: Till glädje) is a 1950 Swedish...
The story of Ruby, 13, determined to grow up fa...
A poignant story, told with sincerity and humor...
Every day, the world over, large amounts of hig...
In this feature-length film combining footage f...
American: The Bill Hicks Story is a biographica...
A drunken playboy stands to lose a wealthy inhe...
Sidney Prescott, now the author of a self-help ...
Captured by smugglers when he was just a hatchl...
Set in the high courts of 16th Century France, ...
A lonely Ohio spinster hopes to find romance wh...
It's 1875 and a young street urchin wants to se...
Sequel to The Mouse that Roared; The Tiny Count...
A violinist (Charles Boyer) and his brother (Lo...
Stage-producer J.J. Horbart, is going to put on...
Booze, pills and loneliness mark a young actres...
Two sisters find their already strained relatio...
Rick Penning lives life just like he plays rugb...
Against his father Odin's will, The Mighty Thor...
Cowboy Dan Somers and oilman Jim "Hunk" Gardner...
In this sequel to The Jolson Story, we pick up ...
Facing eviction from his parent's home on his 3...
In this unique and dynamic live concert experie...
Profane, vulgar and obscenely funny, Louis C.K....
A powerful railroad executive, Dagny Taggart, s...
FBI agent Ed Renard investigates the pre-War es...
A Communist officer falls hard for a married wo...
Louis C.K. is back on HBO in an ALL-NEW hour of...
A police detective falls for the bank robber's ...
Compelling character study, revolving around Ja...
This Icelandic tale, loosely based on the real-...
An elderly couple leave their retirement home t...
Three women in their thirties head to a popular...
Alberto (Claudio Bisio), post office manager of...
Juliet, a beautiful doctor, has found the perfe...
A coming-of-age story that follows 12-year-old ...
A documentary following Kobe Bryant during one ...
Gary Cooper is cast as a racketeer known only a...
After breaking up with her boyfriend, a woman n...
Against the tumultuous backdrop of Iran's 1953 ...
After losing their family home in Algeria in th...
Muezzin Musa falls for his neighbor, the Cathol...
A Los Angeles detective (Glenn Corbett) and his...
Badki and Chutki live a fun-filled life in Bana...
A teenager, son of an army officer moves with h...
Three 'Bukowskian' torrid nights in the life of...
A man, crippled in an accident, returns to the ...
Raul Ruiz's Love Torn in a Dream is introduced ...
A corrupt businessman blackmails the lovelorn r...
Four sexually hungry high school students prepa...
Ricky Caldwell, the notorious 'Killer Santa Cla...
The Perils of Pauline is a motion picture seria...
Bored, horny, and frustrated, a woman begins an...
Set in the late 1940s, the film concerns the tr...
Two years have passed. There is a normal life, ...
A newly divorced, uniquely independent woman st...
                                               NaN
For the first time ever, survivors of the famou...
A personal vision of contemporary Brazil and it...
Blind Mountain follows a young woman, Bai Xueme...
A love story that happens in the background Rev...
A struggling family (Gina Pareño, Jaclyn Jose, ...
From both local and global perspectives, this d...
Based exclusively on testimonies of "Schindler ...
A sex-obsessed young woman, a suicidal young ma...
In No Blood Relation, a gripping early example ...
Brooke, a plain but creative and hard-working s...
                                               NaN
A poor student rescues a beautiful countess and...
A biographical documentary following the life o...
Documentary filmmaker Frederick Wiseman takes u...
Deep in the heart of the Appalachian Mountains ...
Jorge and Roberta have been separated for sever...
Eternal daydreamer Mel can't wait to quit her s...
A former child actress attends college in searc...
In this captivating Depression-era melodrama, i...
In 1969, a visiting geologist from Newfoundland...
Johnny Riggs, a con man on the lam, finds himse...
There's something pretty grisly going on under ...
A tender drama unfolds between a grieving fathe...
FOO FIGHTERS BACK AND FORTH chronicles the 16 y...
Once upon a time... consumer goods were built t...
Bahia Benmahmoud, a free-spirited young woman, ...
Hannah Maynard, a prosecutor of Hague's Tribuna...
DAY AND NIGHT is about people that love and wan...
African Cats captures the real-life love, humor...
The story of a man who rescues a German shepher...
An ex-Boer war guerrilla in New Zealand is sent...
While visiting Hollywood a starstruck movie fan...
Five office friends meet up for a night on the ...
Wang is a gloomy, cunning and avaricious noodle...
A symphony in three movements. Things such as a...
Over the summer of 1976, thirty-six bombs deton...
Michael Madsen stars as Max Walker, a down-and-...
The czar of Russia has died and a power vacuum ...
A guy who moves back to Portland, Oregon become...
Former cop Brian O'Conner partners with ex-con ...
A hundred and fourteen famous Iranian theater a...
A southern town is rocked by scandal when teena...
A cocky guy joins the Navy for the wrong reason...
Flying Tiger Fred Atwell sneaks away from his f...
Unscrupulously ambitious ,Brutus Jones escapes ...
Drama telling the story of Blue, a young man of...
            Based on the play by Holger Drachmann.
Louis Theroux travels to Johannesburg, where th...
A WWII Coast Guard veteran, Lt. Scott Burnett (...
A famous opera singer, Giorgio Fini, loses his ...
The story of the rise of the Rothschild financi...
Whilst celebrating a graduation at a secluded v...
London at the turn of the century. Three men is...
Frenchwoman Michele de la Becque, an opponent o...
This documentary journeys to the kitchens of Pe...
A newlywed couple are passing through a vacatio...
Too much happens too many times in this potenti...
In a span of ninety minutes the film aims to sh...
Angel, a selfish rotter is hanging around in a ...
The Parking Lot Movie is a documentary about a ...
A middle-aged man dies in the street, leaving h...
When his young wife commits suicide, leaving no...
Original footage of the prosperous farming comm...
Nina, an end-of-teenage orphan with mental prob...
A champion marathoner leads a double life as a ...
Based on a true story, the film focuses on the ...
Frantisek, the main character is returning to h...
A 24 hour period in the lives of Fausto and Jes...
P. is a little girl's imaginary friend who live...
Marina, 23, is growing up with her architect fa...
In the old days it was called hypochrondria, or...
Jobless and single in her thirties, Hee-soo is ...
Kim Seong-nam travels to Paris to escape an arr...
Manoel de Oliveira's autobiographical documenta...
Gaby is expelled from school after a married te...
The story of a young, pregnant woman whose worl...
School's out, exams are over, and it's time for...
A mother's last wishes send twins Jeanne and Si...
After witnessing an uncontrollable blaze burn h...
The wealthy stock dealer bequeaths his Montana ...
A native girl falls for a visitor to her island...
Three completely different stories are told thr...
Mitä tapahtuu, kun yhdessä miehessä asuu kaksi ...
                                               NaN
A scientist is experimenting with teenagers and...
Hoping to earn his mother's respect, a young hu...
A woman who has psychic visions returns to her ...
A woman starts a new life in a small Wyoming mo...
A Polish ambassador (Zbigniew Zapasiewicz) find...
Soul Surfer is the inspiring true story of teen...
Though Rachel (Ginnifer Goodwin) is a successfu...
This hilarious genre-bending comedy follows Gar...
What happened on june 9? On a search for some h...
A Hungarian TV version of the play shot in just...
Annie’s life is a mess. But when she finds out ...
In an alternate world, humanity and vampires ha...
Fundamentalist sect member BeckyLyn is accused ...
An in-depth look at the Democratic and Republic...
Wind and Cloud find themselves up against a rut...
Based on the true story of Benjamin Prufer and ...
Alyssa is a troubled 14-year old, suspended fro...
A drama following a French platoon during Alger...
Suffering from a severe case of depression, toy...
A descendant of Shakespeare attemps to restore ...
Chronicle of a spoiled rich boy who joins the M...
In this silent film, a renegade police captain ...
A simple Pennsylvania coal miner is drawn into ...
London, 1783: Kitty, a saucy wench of the slums...
Shipwreck survivors are found on Beiru, an isla...
In a hastily produced first-sequel to the class...
An upper-middle-class couple's life is destroye...
Captain Jack Sparrow crosses paths with a woman...
A romantic comedy about a family traveling to t...
Abandoned by his father, a young boy is left in...
His only friend called him 'the man from nowher...
A manipulative woman plots to seduce her cousin...
A gentleman thief charms a Viennese baron's wif...
The impressionistic story of a Texas family in ...
Sportswriter George Plimpton poses as a rookie ...
In 1910, a wayward mother re-visits the family ...
A woman is kidnapped when she goes to get help ...
A fading smalltime barber is forced to hire the...
They met on the Internet. They fell in love. Th...
The Hangover crew heads to Thailand for Stu's w...
During the elimination of the Belgian/French bo...
Upper-class female reporter is (despite herself...
Out of jail for a crime she did not commit, Mad...
Although she comes from an aristocratic family,...
Director Johan Grimonprez casts Alfred Hitchcoc...
The poignant yet humor filled story about a sin...
The true story of Australia’s most notorious co...
Set in a world upended by a complete breakdown ...
A willful young boy follows his just as obstina...
With the departure of the Bush Administration a...
After being mysteriously kidnapped by a Doctor ...
Convinced that his fiancee is cheating on him, ...
DAAYEN YA BAAYEN revolves around a schoolteache...
A true-story account of a German businessman wh...
"Oh My God" asks people from all walks of life,...
The 9th Godzilla film was the last made by the ...
Stonewall Uprising is a 2010 American documenta...
                                               NaN
A fake psychic suddenly turns into the real thi...
Four guys, one camera, and their experience chr...
Based on a pre-war murder case of the Malisz co...
PINA is a feature-length dance film in 3D with ...
A TV newswoman (Lauren Tewes) catches a pervert...
After financial improprieties are discovered at...
A dockworker seeking revenge on the killer of h...
Exposes the hidden epidemic of Lyme disease and...
38 years after the events in the Luis Buñuel cl...
When Sara (Minka Kelly), a young design student...
When a fashion model dies during an abortion, a...
The story develops in the Tokugawa era of the 1...
Today, Camille turns nine. He had sworn that on...
A film noir drama in which a sophisticated con ...
A piano composer's family moves into a new hous...
Wanda, after a string of abusive relationships,...
A magical tale about a young photographer who f...
Social misfit and self-labeled "troll from unde...
Armand, a man who sells farm machines in the co...
Zani is an unusual young man who has spent his ...
When her mother moves in, the life of a writer ...
In an impressive follow up to his debut film Fo...
A strange man is involved in a village massacre...
For his feature debut Monteiro creatively borro...
                                               NaN
                                               NaN
After a suicidal teenage girl gives birth, she ...
Victor lives in Vienna with Annette, his beauti...
Ruža left Serbia, her country, over 30 years ag...
A suburban family is torn apart when fourteen-y...
Young Penny goes on a retreat with her psycholo...
A mail company pushes their pilots to fly overn...
A movie director is approached by his old math ...
In Stockholm, the fashion photographer Susanne ...
Herman has a weakness for strip clubs. Donny ha...
Maria suffers from Alzheimer's disease. Luis, M...
Five best friends, all married, decide to share...
                                               NaN
Boog, Elliot, and their forest friends return w...
Joshua Lazarus (Nick Stahl) is a telepath who h...
This documentary about Henri-Georges Clouzot’s ...
A detective becomes obsessed with solving a chi...
An orphaned boy named Tomás is adopted by Maire...
Emily Hagins is making a zombie movie. It's fea...
A passenger of a hijacked airliner who happens ...
Three daughters of a small down pharmacist unde...
A chambermaid and a former cop meet at a speed ...
Traces the story of an extreme athlete, past an...
Two weddings collide when both receptions are h...
A teen gang in a grim South London housing esta...
When his son dies while hiking the famed Camino...
Set in China during the Warlords Period of the1...
In 2007, in the midst of the drought and water ...
Has America entered an Orwellian world of doubl...
When things get tough for offbeat Carys Reitman...
In order to flee from powerful enemies, young M...
A crook on the run hides out in an innocent gir...
Three men case a small town very carefully, wit...
Po is now living his dream as The Dragon Warrio...
In Athens a collection of emeralds is successfu...
A political hack becomes President during the h...
A film that gives us a rare glimpse into the mi...
Before Charles Xavier and Erik Lensherr took th...
15-year-old deep-thinking Welsh schoolboy, Oliv...
Two guys, one of them a magician, are transport...
An American girl falls for an RAF pilot while p...
1952 black and white Cold War spy film, entirel...
A distinguished English gentleman has a secret ...
Kitty Vane, Alan Trent, and Gerald Shannon have...
Monty Brewster is a pennyless, former U.S. Army...
The Patent Leather Kid is a 1927 silent film wh...
In winter 1990, a friendly bowling match turned...
Emilia, a law-school graduate, falls in love wi...
This feature documentary chronicles the last da...
Former Danish servicemen Lars and Jimmy are thr...
This documentary explores the hidden history of...
Director Lewis Milestone's 1927 comedy follows ...
Insurance Director Stig Roxby is worth a hundre...
Cristina's life is thrown into turmoil when she...
When an alcoholic relapses, causing him to lose...
Feature length documentary of the real story be...
A woman attracts the attention of a psychotic f...
A young man is rocked by two announcements from...
In 1979 Ohio, several youngsters are making a z...
Kevin Carson is a young man living in the proje...
A college student is determined to become a Maj...
Tells the story of two men, Abu Jandal and Sali...
Five former high school friends reunite for an ...
Delbaran centres on the story of a 14-year Afgh...
A historical drama based on the Thiaroye transi...
An NYU philosophy grad struggles to maintain ar...
A man and a woman at an art exhibition share a ...
Award-winning director Kirby Dick gave video ca...
Power and corruption—and the men who rule with ...
A young boy is adopted by a priest and his wife...
Muraki, a hardboiled Yakuza gangster, has just ...
Daniel needs some money to buy a duffle coat th...
The story of America's rise to power starting i...
Interkosmos is a musical documentary-style film...
An elderly couple and a younger man and woman f...
Jorge and Aarón, two young boys growing up in a...
This split-screen documentary by a Malaysian di...
Through the travelogue format, it depicts the m...
Wealthy Edward Morgan becomes charmed with a cu...
Seniha lives with her brother Halit and his wif...
A Palestinian family is trapped inside a house ...
A documentary about one of Britain's most dange...
A conscientious factory worker gets his finger ...
This coming of age comedy is about a 16 year ol...
Forced to move to a boring backwater town, a te...
In the punk rock era of the late 1970s three re...
Paul is an ordinary man who is at the end of hi...
Bernie, a 30 years old orphan, decides to leave...
Mary, a poor farm girl, meets Tim just as word ...
"Araya" is an old natural salt mine located in ...
In the travelogue The Danube Exodus, Forgács do...
                                               NaN
For centuries, a small but powerful force of wa...
The 5th film in the original Godzilla franchise...
                                               NaN
In October 2007, Pasqual Maragall was diagnosed...
A favor for a woman from her past throws the li...
Santa Claus, Mickey Mouse and all his Disney pa...
Handsome Dutchman Stijn is the star of an adver...
The story of the NHL's early years, focusing on...
In 1973, the Loud family became a television se...
The story of the actor, writer and broadcasting...
Jim Carrey stars as Tom Popper, a successful bu...
A lazy, incompetent middle school teacher who h...
Wives and Lovers is a 1963 film directed by Joh...
Four couples reunite for their annual vacation ...
The story of president Andrew Jackson from his ...
Ferdinand de Lesseps, disappointed in love, is ...
Chuck Redwell is a gambling cowboy who discover...
A sailor helps two sisters start up a service c...
When his beloved daughter wants a pony, railroa...
Englishmen fighting Nazis in Africa discover an...
Politicians go after a small-town librarian whe...
Sam Witwicky takes his first tenuous steps into...
After losing his job, a middle-aged man reinven...
Seventeen-year old Farley (Noah Reid) has the s...
A fantasy movie about an arrogant, lazy prince ...
Jack is in the midst of a major robbery, which ...
In the Fall of 1940, the entire population of F...
An over-the-hill movie producer marries a wealt...
Mary, a writer working on a novel about a love ...
The story of Jerome "Dizzy" Dean, a major-leagu...
An ex-sailor turned boxer finds romance and get...
In 1865, General Gurko Lanen is dictator of "Li...
In 1463, Paris is besieged by the Duke of Burgu...
Third-grader Judy Moody sets out to have the mo...
West Texas, in the 1960's. A tale of two 12-yea...
Haunted by memories of his ex-girlfriend Alice,...
The Four Faced Liar is a story of love and lies...
A Lamp in the Dark is an exciting new documenta...
This revue presents its numbers around the orch...
Two sisters from Hungary become famous entertai...
Seth and Jonah are twins with a dangerous abili...
Enrico Mattei helped change Italy's future, fir...
Spins the tale of a woman, her sister, and the ...
The legendary Tomas Milian stars as Cuchillo, a...
When a shy girl, secretly in love with her rock...
                                               NaN
In this off-kilter comedy, a woman comes to ter...
In this special documentary that inspired a two...
A visual history of Italian western cinema in t...
Based on the bestselling book by Andrew Ross So...
The murders start with the body of Robin. He is...
Kate Mayer seems to have it all: a nice suburba...
Two real-life lesbian actresses meet by chance ...
                                               NaN
Wanting to know the ways of people, a pelican t...
A silent homage to the origins of cinema, recre...
Eine fast bombensichere Methode, Single zu blei...
For Apart from You, Mikio Naruse turned his cam...
In the formally ravishing Every-Night Dreams, s...
Wolves have been demonized for centuries, blood...
Two meaty characters meet, fall in love, and ex...
Steve Tuttle, the titular lazybones, takes on t...
The second half of Gustav Deutsch's experimenta...
Realistic story of working class Yorkshire life...
The Uptown Boy, J. Harold Manners (Lloyd) is a ...
In a farmhouse in southern Italy, an old woman ...
                                               NaN
Using first-hand accounts, award-winning filmma...
A planter's wife shoots a neighbor, but tells c...
A serial killer mutates with a chemical inside ...
A seasoned team of bank robbers, including Gord...
Hanna and Simon are in a 20 year marriage with ...
A private security contractor in Iraq rejects t...
A private detective investigates her sister's s...
A man vacationing in the country with his wife ...
A fiesty and sexy gypsy (Myrna Loy) disrupts th...
                                               NaN
                                               NaN
Dorothy and Bob DeBolt's tale of the struggles ...
Mikio Naruse’s final silent film is a gloriousl...
Marie-Jo and Her Two Lovers (French: Marie-Jo e...
McDull is not the brightest kid on the block, b...
           Four Women, Four Dreams, Four Realities
When Sam learns his mother cannot afford to sen...
A routine trick propels a tall, dark, cynical h...
A comedy about a zookeeper who might be great w...
For Nick, Kurt and Dale, the only thing that wo...
The Prometheus has dropped out of orbit. Commun...
Two bumbling but determined three-day film scho...
Star race car Lightning McQueen and his pal Mat...
During World War I a British soldier, charged w...
An anachronistic martinet RSM on a remote Colon...
Nitin (Akshay Kumar) and Ram (Suniel Shetty) ar...
The film fictionalizes the real relationship be...
Dr. Peter Carey is a pathologist at a Boston ho...
Fictional drama based on actual events, about 2...
Tale of a 15-year-old Australian girl who went ...
Marion is a factory worker who hopes to trade t...
A day in the lives of a hit-and-run driver and ...
A hunter happens upon a fugitive and his daught...
A beautiful Russian spy seduces an Austrian mil...
A thriller centered on an institutionalized you...
Anne and "Poppy" Rose are the average American ...
Is access to clean drinking water a basic human...
Unprecedented access to the New York Times news...
A soldier blinded in war returns home and attem...
A rich student's fiancee has her face destroyed...
In this fast-paced remake of the Muarice Chavli...
Army Sergeant Mickey Dunn sets out in pursuit o...
Depicts a cast of fine artists and eccentric sc...
A team of doctors experiment with a new, highly...
'Breaking Upwards' explores a young, real-life ...
In this early talkie, a vicious crime lord (pla...
Set in a seaside resort in the Caucasus, the st...
Kidnappers force a young mother (Melissa George...
Before Sam Axe teamed up with Michael and Fiona...
Wallace a wealthy landowner in Meriwether Count...
A gang of bank robbers terrorize a small town b...
A nearly sightless boy is sent to a school for ...
Delightfully comic exploration of the emotional...
A teenager prisoner awaits his release when two...
Serge Pilardosse vient d'avoir 60 ans. Il trava...
Gilles' wife, Elise, who smiles when she thinks...
Zeki Demirkubuz plays the lead character Ahmet ...
The same movie with the same characters, cast a...
A young married woman (Parker) sells her body, ...
Antonio and Emma have been separated for years,...
Jimmy and Jon are a couple of Brooklyn guys who...
Biographical movie about the famous rock singer...
Two middle-aged men work as caretakers on an is...
When the older brother (Tommy Nash) he idolizes...
Most people think they know the "McDonald's cof...
An enigmatic drifter from the South comes to vi...
Mak Dong has just been released from the army a...
Based on the legend of Tiresias, it tells of a ...
In the late 1960s, with the triumph of bilingua...
A grotesque fairy tale of fantasies in a 21-yea...
A World War II veteran hunts down the Nazi coll...
Luca regularly visits her bedridden mother-in-l...
A hitchiker (Alain Delon) is taken in by a weal...
Wealthy Jae-hoon meets attractive writer Soo-ju...
Two young girls meet, Reinette from the country...
                                               NaN
                                No overview found.
A group of friends are hired to redecorate a be...
Phaen is a suburban young man with a great love...
Mushi are beings in touch with the essence of l...
Double Dhamaal catches up with the quartet of g...
Linus is pushed to his limits when he learns Gr...
Delhi-based Sonia agrees to deliver a package f...
As its title indicates, La Mort du Cygne (The D...
Journalist Ivy Meeropol makes her directorial d...
A talented, but distracted photographer, Lola, ...
A lone gunman gets a last-minute pardon from de...
Ruiz died. The Human Resources department of th...
Hollywood careers are full of make-or-break mom...
A propaganda film during World War II about a b...
Over a quarter of a century since it began and ...
Captain Woodrow Call, now retired from the Rang...
The film begins on a train journey with Gustav ...
Three young women vacationing in Paris find the...
Exhibitionism, voyeurism, jealousy, lust. Brook...
A young girl turns into an A-List celebrity ove...
It's 24 hours of pure exhilaration, complete ex...
A criminal on the run cons his way into the wro...
Harry, Ron and Hermione continue their quest to...
A documentary that follows the former Tonight S...
A Hollywood stunt performer who moonlights as a...
In the sterile setting of a powerful multinatio...
Set in a hospital where three women meet either...
After his girlfriend's pregnancy forces him to ...
A story set in 19th century China and centered ...
Predominantly set during World War II, Steve Ro...
Charlie Cox should have stopped for gas in Cali...
Framed for the murder of a record company presi...
Cal Weaver is living the American dream. He has...
Traveling dentist O'Connell traverses South Ame...
A former getaway driver from Chicago has retire...
W. Somerset Maugham introduces three more of hi...
A rookie flyer, Ens. Alan Drake, joins the famo...
Ella Bishop is an inhibited girl whose frustrat...
French pirate Jean Lafitte rescues a girl and j...
A romantic comedy centered on Dexter and Emma, ...
Centers around the lives of Victoria, Zenobia, ...
Actress Lori Petty makes her directorial debut ...
It's graduation weekend, and Sandy Channing, th...
                                               NaN
Set in nineteenth-century New Orleans, the stor...
A documentary/drama about the training of bomba...
An RAF squadron is brought down over occupied F...
                                               NaN
A Los Angeles police captain (Edward G. Robinso...
Two policemen must join forces to take on an in...
Griff, office worker by day, superhero by night...
A plane is taken over by a mysterious virus. Wh...
The story of our growing awareness and understa...
Icelandic writer-director Ragnar Bragason's dar...
During an ordinary day in Hundred Acre Wood, Wi...
On the day of their Father's 70th birthday part...
A lawyer puts his family in jeopardy when he ca...
Karen wants more action out of life and quits h...
A scheming tobacco farmer sets out to ruin his ...
Lorenz Lubota is a city clerk with no direction...
A celebrity is caught by her husband with a you...
A serial killer stalks sisters he befriended af...
When his import/export business infiltrated by ...
Follow the Manhattan-based Beavan family as the...
in Disney's Beverly Hills Chihuahua 2, the come...
Lucienne Delamare and Pierre Maury are having a...
The Goalie's Anxiety at the Penalty Kick is a 1...
A renowned artist must uncover a young dancer's...
Reminiscent of the latter works of Bela Tarr, M...
In Italy, the gambler and professor of poetry D...
In this classic exploration of marriage in conf...
When Betty is caught en flagrante, her bourgeoi...
Lei Li lost his right-arm in a sword duel with ...
The middle-class family of a young woman cannot...
A low-ranking cop often relegated to desk duty,...
                                               NaN
In the backcountry of southern Italy’s mountain...
In New York's 1880's newspaper district a dedic...
On the heels of the mesmeric “Bluebeard” comes ...
Mike discovers that being the top-ranking laugh...
A television program is interupted by a news ne...
When the demon god Loki destroys the fortress o...
Flashback story of an escape from the lonely, h...
When the evil wizard Gargamel chases the tiny b...
On the morning of June 18. 1954, the US CIA dro...
A black comedy chronicling the fate of the bigg...
Eddie is a very rich man who has everything he ...
Comanche Moon, the prequel to McMurtry's bestse...
Dead man's Walk is the beginning of the Lonesom...
Supernatural private eye, Dylan Dog, seeks out ...
Elsa, a woman with a long history of depression...
A documentary that chronicles Sarah Palin's pre...
Encouraged by his editor to seek 'sexy stories ...
Jamie is a New York-based executive recruiter w...
A, an American film director of Greek ancestry,...
Tou former boxers meet in the ring again after ...
Wisconsin farm girl Elizabeth Carlson leaves fa...
On a cruise to Cuba, Lulu Smith falls in love w...
The story of three people from the same suburba...
Walter is the chief of police in a small Ontari...
A pastor with a shady past moves into a rural t...
Harry Bannerman, a Connecticut suburbanite who ...
Jorge and Enrique are two artist in the post Sp...
Sandro was a boy who loved to sing rap, to kiss...
A woman suffering from multiple personality dis...
A supernatural shockumentary about a demonic pr...
First-love movie involving love triangle. Gerar...
Two mismatched wolves embark on a cross-country...
This movie chronicles the trials of the mentall...
Director Henry King's 1962 film adaptation of t...
A pair of rich daddy's girls discover a bum and...
Ned Hanlan was Canada's most successful scullin...
After he accidentally kills his father, Mike, d...
Rita, a middle aged New York City homemaker, fi...
Married songwriters almost split up while putti...
Anita, engaged to solid Don Barnes, is swept of...
Seven years after the apparent death of Chen Zh...
An Indiana boy (Eric Linden) lives it up with h...
Idealistic attorney Anton Adam makes headlines ...
A tough, renegade cop is dispatched to take dow...
Larry Poole, in prison on a false charge, promi...
A descent into Hell is triggered when "Ex-Lord"...
A college freshman is date-raped and tries to p...
After her boyfriend ends their relationship, th...
In the heart of Portugal, amid the mountains, t...
The film explores the image of the Romanian dic...
Follows a jealous countess, a wealthy businessm...
A love story between a middle aged professor, a...
WELFARE shows the nature and complexity of the ...
Fred: The Movie (stylized as FЯED: THE MOVIE) i...
Two men, a painter and a poor guy have to cross...
As World War II is going on in Europe, a confli...
Daniel - a recent university graduate with Down...
Assassination begins with the events of 1853 wh...
A young woman goes searching for her missing ar...
A young woman hits Hollywood, determined to bec...
The region where the borders of North Korea, Ch...
In a masked ball in Paris, Manuel Robledo, a yo...
Claudio works on a site in the suburbs of Rome....
Anna is an accountant for an important insuranc...
Confronted with the unfortunate news that their...
In Paris, the emotional and professional tribul...
Ah Jie lost everything in the stock market due ...
A poetic depiction of life and ritual in the so...
For hundreds of years, Africa has existed in a ...
In 1921 in the poor part of an Austrian town ca...
A rich industrialist is brutally kidnapped. Whi...
A fairy tale-like love story between young circ...
Kinawi, a physically challenged peddler who mak...
As an aging woman married to a workaholic docto...
Ourense, Spain, 1940. Every time that Elena loc...
An elderly countess strikes a bargain with the ...
So called friends at a dinner party end up acti...
Everybody has the sibling who is always just a ...
A man (Thomas Edison's assistant) takes a pinch...
This intimate ethnographic study of Voudoun dan...
After living 45 years in Germany, the Turkish H...
Set in mid-70's, 12-year old Dvir Avni navigate...
Director Martin Scorsese speaks candidly and pa...
A low-budget horror anthology made of 5 short f...
A writer with a declining career arrives in a s...
Lush scenery and gorgeous photography highlight...
Image and music are intertwined in this third c...
The actual experiences of New York City subway ...
In the world's most dangerous prison, a new gam...
The year is 1964. Rachel Brener is one of 3 you...
If your bedroom has become too small a stage fo...
A woman tries to help her teenage daughter when...
Having forged a 20-year run as one of the most ...
Emile is a 70-ish former horticulturalist who o...
Comedy sequel to "East is East".  Manchester, N...
Frances and Richard Myles (Joan Crawford and Fr...
A man (Howard Keel), his wife (Jane Greer) and ...
Scientist Will Rodman is determined to find a c...
Terri, a pajama-clad, disaffected high school s...
Director John Sturges' 1950 film biography of O...
Small time crooksters Nick and Charlie have an ...
Wounded criminal Lucky Wilson (Robert Montgomer...
Malcolm Shanks is a sad and lonely man, deaf, m...
The film begins with a live-action sequence set...
A woman unable to conceive a child with her hus...
Ex-con attempting to go straight runs across se...
                                               NaN
Tevye is a dairyman in the Russian Ukraine earl...
Dave is a married man with two kids and a lovin...
Nicolas Entel's searing documentary tells the s...
A wagon load of convicts on their way to prison...
In 1870s Florida, a rural family struggles to s...
Aibileen Clark is a middle-aged African-America...
Two fledgling criminals kidnap a pizza delivery...
The story takes place on Hurlumhei skiing hotel...
In this Cold War drama, a woman suspects her so...
Hugh 'Bulldog' Drummond is a British WWI vetera...
Marshovia, a small European kingdom, is on the ...
Despite the dissapproval of his grown son and d...
An heiress takes a job as a department store cl...
A concert documentary shot during the Glee Live...
Leon Bronstein is not your average Montreal Wes...
In Paris, the international police force and th...
A wealthy heiress switches places with her secr...
New York, 1980: airplanes have replaced cars, n...
Mona Gray is a 20-year-old loner who, as a chil...
After trying to rescue a man on the subway trac...
Ambitious yakuza Kenji befriends harmonica-play...
After a giant dinosaur skull is stolen, the hea...
Bold, eccentric Broadway performer Lisa Madden ...
Hildegard von Bingen was truly a woman ahead of...
For six months of the year, renowned Spanish ch...
An illiterate and lonely man bonds with an olde...
                                No overview found.
In this fifth installment, Death is just as omn...
A holiday fable that tells the story of an elde...
Mary Surratt is the lone female charged as a co...
Six years have elapsed since Guantanamo Bay, le...
A jazz musician seeks refuge from a lynch mob o...
An epic fresco depicting the reign (1593-1601) ...
Escaped convicts Gary and Lon are caught hiding...
In the jungle near Angkor Wat in Cambodia, Mr. ...
The Japanese detective (Peter Lorre) rounds up ...
When a young man inherits his father's lucrativ...
Tommaso is the youngest son of the Cantones, a ...
Yoshiyama Kazuko is in the 3rd grade of junior ...
Living in Almaty, Kazakhstan, a young man is pr...
In a small Corsican village, the life of Hélène...
Ranged across several generations, the story be...
A woman discovers the truth about her former lo...
In Argentina over 8,000 people die in traffic a...
Eight years after the third film, the OSS has b...
In his debut as his libidinous alter ego João d...
                                               NaN
Two Tokyo co-workers come across a destitute yo...
An affluent medical professor, Komiya, and his ...
A young married physician discovers a mermaid, ...
Hedvig Jensen is a famous ropewalker and is kno...
Every day life for young men and women in Budap...
The story begins on the end of the First "Kako"...
A young girl sent to live with her father and h...
A teenager suspects his new neighbour is a vamp...
On the night of the discovery of a duplicate Ea...
A young boys' coming of age tale set in a stran...
A self-loving fictional autobiography of author...
Not to be confused with any of the sequels to S...
A young boy has lost his mother and is losing t...
How LA Learned to Love Modern Art. A lesson in ...
A Bolivian immigrant working illegally as a coo...
Stephen Sondheim's musical "Company" opened on ...
Jannicke, Morten Tobias, Eirik, Mikael and Ingu...
American Boy: A Profile of Steven Prince is a 1...
Martin was a normal teenage boy before the coun...
A documentary about branding, advertising and p...
Herbert Ponting travelled to Antarctica as part...
Rachel Singer is a former Mossad agent who trie...
Zoe Saldana plays a young woman who, after witn...
Chronicles a man who is obsessively interested ...
Based on the novel by L. P. Hartley, The Hireli...
Documentary on May 1970 antiwar protests in New...
Some of the world's most innovative documentary...
In a post apocalyptic world where technology is...
Manhattan socialite begins to fear for her trou...
Shy milkman Burleigh Sullivan accidentally knoc...
Three trappers become scouts for a cavalry capt...
A former model, serving time in prison, becomes...
A brilliant plastic surgeon creates a synthetic...
The family man farmer John Rollins is stressed ...
Another personal movie by Danish director Nils ...
A citizen of the Veneto in her sixties. Three s...
Several characters who are each at critical sta...
Set in Los Angeles with two converging plot lin...
The story of William Vincent as he recounts the...
This is a fine video from CSN. Lots of old, rar...
From civil rights to the anti-war movement to t...
Takes place in 1995, the year of the second ref...
A comedy centered on a has-been coach who is gi...
A quest that begins as a personal vendetta for ...
Dylan, a young man working at a funeral parlor,...
At “Prom,” every couple has a story and no two ...
A freewheeling portrait of Ken Kesey and the Me...
The film centers on a successful author who is ...
Having finally secured her first assignment fro...
Captures the exciting movement of Spiritual Act...
A man strong enough to bend a penny with just h...
A Hollywood-set romantic tale of a guy who is c...
Many years after a nuclear war destroyed much o...
In the year 2043, an evil crime lord (The Gener...
In a post-apocalyptic world, a small group of s...
Hsiao-Kang, a Taiwanese film director, travels ...
A fact-based account of ordinary citizens who f...
A wealthy but neurotic Southern belle finds her...
From the team behind Man on Wire comes the stor...
An American goes to Germany to find his mother ...
Fictional account of what might have happened i...
Five college friends choose to spend their vaca...
In this classic retro horror thriller, Sam, an ...
A platoon of eagles and vultures attacks the re...
Italian maestro Ermanno Olmi tells the tale of ...
After a run in with a hot exotic dancer one win...
Lajos Kovács (WINGS OF DESIRE) stars as the mis...
Ivan is a true number cruncher and 'surfs the w...
Page Eight is lovingly turned, with elegant wri...
High school graduation just wouldn’t be complet...
Based on the novel by Ernest Hemingway. Santiag...
A man comes home after serving 18 years in jail...
This film is about the experience of dying. Fiv...
When a couple decides to adopt a stray cat thei...
Shakespeare's tragedy of the hump-backed Duke o...
Burning Secret is a 1988 drama film, based on t...
Story of a couple that starts the first legal b...
Bank clerk William Marble is desperate for mone...
The Interrupters tells the moving and surprisin...
Led by British officers, partisans on Crete pla...
Set in Middle America, a group of teens receive...
Oliveiro is a young poet living in Buenos Aires...
The lives of numerous people over the course of...
The young and patriotic student Demachy joins t...
Three friends get caught in a life of major crime.
A comedy that chronicles a chance encounter bet...
Man and woman (Peter Dobson and Samantha Mathis...
Two fugitives land in hot water when they take ...
A gardener in East L.A. struggles to keep his s...
A violent gang is abducting and killing women a...
Sam Davis convinces his former best friend to s...
A newly paralyzed DJ gets more than he bargaine...
A man awakens in a car wreck at the bottom of a...
A newly graduated doctor finds trauma too heavy...
Pearl Jam Twenty chronicles the years leading u...
A comedy centered on the life of Kate Reddy, a ...
The film is the third in director Castellani's ...
A gentle widower, enraged at Nazi atrocities ag...
Three American lovelies room together in Madrid...
A Scotsman, Jim MacKenzie, living on a primitiv...
Circa 1861, Angelina, ruling countess of an Ita...
A teenager (Pat Boone), recently in trouble wit...
A suspense tale revolving around the memories o...
A weekend at a lake house in the Louisiana Gulf...
A hairdresser forwards a passionate love letter...
As an epidemic of a lethal airborne virus - tha...
The newly elected Pope suffers a panic attack j...
An English lady falls madly in love with a Fren...
New York City factory worker Eddie Marino (Robe...
A haunting erotic fairytale about Lucy, a young...
A young journalist asks an old artist about the...
A Scotsman abruptly breaks off his engagement t...
L.A. screenwriter David Sumner relocates with h...
The story of Oakland Athletics general manager ...
William S. Burroughs: A Man Within is a well-cr...
One night Malena and Pablo, a sister and brothe...
Young Felicity lives in a monastic school. The ...
Poor health and alcoholism force Grover Clevela...
100 pounds overweight, loaded up on steroids an...
1943 musical comedy with Frank Sinatra. A valet...
In 1828, the bankrupt Pyncheon family fight ove...
Marcel Marx, a former bohemian and struggling a...
In 1968, in 1/500th of a second Eddie Adams pho...
Holly Rowe's retiring, kissing her callgirl lif...
A modern love story set in Sao Paulo about Heit...
Michelle Yeoh stars in this rousing action adve...
Mumbai-based Kabir Dhiman, who comes from a wea...
A powerful and emotional coming of age story, t...
NEDs (Non Educated Delinquents) is the story of...
Shamoto runs a small tropical fish shop. When h...
In writer-director Nick Whitfield's black indie...
Perry's worst fear comes true when Phineas and ...
1949 thriller about the hunt for a serial kille...
A documentary on the influential musician Scott...
A loose adaptation of Dostoyevsky's novella Whi...
Sylvia, an industrial scientist, is troubled by...
In "The Soul of A Man," director Wim Wenders lo...
An ice-cream seller lusts after the female empl...
Janet is a young student at a private school; h...
Frank Ripploh tries to keep his professional an...
"I am" tells the story of Kundel, a boy searchi...
Il se démène comme un beau diable, Ivan, pour f...
Confronte a la souffrance, a l'angoisse, a la v...
Five short stories loosely dealing with the rol...
Viviane, a French Consul's wife, is in New Guin...
Samuel Pierret is a nurse who saves the wrong g...
Three henpecked friends try to escape their unh...
Aos seis anos, Roberto Carlos Ramos é internado...
Alone in her empty flat, from her window Anne o...
In the year 1215, the rebel barons of England h...
Set in the coffee fields of Colombia, Green Fir...
Russell Peters once again delivers his trademar...
This remarkable companion piece to In the City ...
Children of the Secret State follows Ahn Chol, ...
Bimal is a taxi-driver in a small provincial to...
Babe Stewart, a card cheat who has to go on the...
Americans on vacation in the Caribbean take a t...
Japanese film about a friendly bus driver and h...
A young woman's penchant for sensational Gothic...
A man (Howard Keel) framed for murder escapes f...
Man (Gianis Aggelakas), a mysterious man of the...
Fragments of several (mostly) silent films are ...
With the intimate feel of a documentary and the...
Different solution new movie ;-) The Preacher t...
Confronted by Apartheid and a father who was Mi...
A mute Russian girl infiltrates Toronto's under...
In 1989, six year old Martin Bristoll was kidna...
An escaped murderer is in pursuit of his ex-gir...
Escaping a Nazi prison train in war-torn Italy,...
After an attack against the guard of the Third ...
Children of Glory will commemorate Hungary's he...
                      Bulldog protects an heiress.
                                               NaN
When an unexpected enemy emerges and threatens ...
Amidst a backdrop of growing violence and intim...
Recently-retired MI6 agent, George Smiley is do...
A married couple are faced with a difficult dec...
Seduced by the challenge of an impossible case,...
Impoverished Bill befriends starving Trina and ...
A woman wakes up in the middle of the night on ...
Julia Ross secures employment, through a rather...
What is real and what is fiction? Faced with wr...
Neecha Nagar, released in 1946 is a Hindi film ...
The inspirational story of an estranged family ...
A pair of Japanese siblings get stranded in sma...
Sherlock Holmes and Watson are on the trail of ...
Famous motor-racing champion Joe Greer returns ...
Best-selling author Tyvian Jones has a life of ...
Sam Bisbee is an inventor whose works (e.g., a ...
In this chronicle of a vaudeville family, Myrtl...
Dirty tricks stand to soil an ambitious young p...
The first to die in an epidemic of meningitis i...
A contemporary documentary covering the Great B...
A tough District Attorney (Walter Huston) goes ...
Drummer Stanley Maxton moves to Los Angeles wit...
A man and woman, skeptical about romance, nonet...
Nearly a year after a botched job, a hitman tak...
Based on a shocking true story, Killer Elite pi...
The Dukes,a Doo Wop group, were on top of the w...
The first documentary feature to explore the tr...
Life in the 1990's was remarkably same for the ...
After exploring the phenomenon of TREKKIES, fil...
Two friends spend all their free time building ...
Inspired by a true story, a comedy centered on ...
Set in the Clapham district of south London, En...
A nomad mercenary on a high-tech motorcycle hel...
From the once thriving tobacco warehouses, to t...
Reporters Clark Kent and Lois Lane arrive in th...
It starts off seriously enough, with three thug...
In 1889 German philosopher Friedrich Nietzsche ...
A chronicle of Russia's transition from communi...
A group of men set out in search of a dead body...
Hollywood, 1927: As silent movie star George Va...
One night, Pierre decides to reveal his painful...
Chantal, an advocate involved in defending home...
"Whity" is the mulatto butler of the dysfunctio...
Two hopeful lads from Leatherhead trying to bre...
                                               NaN
A journey inside the world of real life caped c...
Jacobowsky, a Jewish refugee, flees from the Na...
A surgeon discovers that he can restore the bea...
Gilberte is a sixteen year old girl raised by h...
Emi Ota and her friend Okiku stay briefly at a ...
A story about a boy, his robot and the conseque...
In central Gothenburg, Sweden, a group of boys,...
Military doctor General Klenski is arrested in ...
Set in the early 1970s, it tells the story of a...
Soldiers undertake the perilous task of removin...
A film version of a well-known Georgian folk-ta...
American GI Ernie Williams, admittedly weak-kne...
Peter Cottontail wants to be the #1 chief Easte...
Leila porter comes to dislike her husband James...
A pair of blind masseurs, an enigmatic city wom...
Dr. Vasi invents a super-powered robot, Chitti,...
Individual freedom is the dream of our age. It'...
In conurbations where hundreds of thousands liv...
Two men bond as one recovers from an attack and...
The untold story about wild rabbits which lived...
A wealthy Iranian family struggles to contain a...
A masked killer stalks an institution for menta...
A reporter stumbles upon the journal of a murde...
Wildly grief-stricken over the accidental death...
A former sailor who has served prison sentences...
A love story about two gay wrestlers living in ...
Evidence of mutilated housewives points to a so...
A bomb attack in a cinema in Palermo kills all ...
When an ordinary housewife is convicted for sed...
Tale of a young couple who throw caution to the...
The movie revolves around the life of a tax col...
Five sequences : 1) A piece of driftwood on the...
A young woman is accused of murdering her debau...
A cripple takes revenge on criminals by using a...
Plagued by a series of apocalyptic visions, a y...
At her son's funeral, Solange, a lawyer famous ...
Four young people navigate the suburban wonderl...
A father (Michel Piccoli) is scheming to have h...
A passionate filmmaker creating a film based up...
A mad scientist (and apparent former Nazi) unle...
Henry struggles to bond with his estranged son,...
A boy works for a photographer and falls in lov...
A woman orders a suit from a tailor for her you...
The Game of Death is a documentary co-produced ...
Abbas Kiarostami shoots a documentary about the...
Bessie and Winston "Slug" Winters are married c...
Doc Jenkins is a singer/songwriter who tries to...
In this reworking of Cinderella, orphaned Conni...
If Columbia could make an acceptable movie star...
Study of interracial marriage in the 1960's. A ...
The Sheep Has Five Legs (French: Le Mouton à ci...
Madrid, the beginning of the century. One day, ...
In this darkly romantic ghost story, a woman tr...
Troubled divorcee Mary Kee is tormented by a se...
Rick Belrow Livingston, in love with Broadway s...
The life of Vincent de Paul, the 17th-century a...
Snooty opera singer meets a rough-and-tumble fi...
The story of "Captain Thunder and the Holy Grai...
Nutbourne College, an old established, all-boys...
Taraneh is a model 15-year-old Iranian girl, st...
Three aging and failed comedians, Georges Cox, ...
A mob hitman wants to retire, but his bosses do...
The Living Desert was the first feature-length ...
BROTHERS AT WAR is an intimate portrait of an A...
Makhmalbaf puts an advertisement in the papers ...
Delia, a young Romanian girl, comes to Buchares...
Examined Life pulls philosophy out of academic ...
Friends, enemies, acquaintances, and family of ...
Anne and Lore, neighbors and best friends, bare...
Shiba, a wandering ronin, encounters a band of ...
Catalan architect Antonio Gaudí (1852 - 1926) d...
Two yuppies play mean tricks on one another unt...
In the near-future, Charlie Kenton is a washed-...
Five extremely disturbed, sociopathic children ...
An abandoned teen jumps a freight train in Phil...
A curious and lost Eleonore looks for something...
Set in World War 2 as the Germans occupy Czecho...
Set in the early 1930s, a young man finds a job...
This is one of the 'Animagical' titles from the...
This musical adaptation of Pinocchio from 1976 ...
An examination of the life of acclaimed 'horse ...
In 2016 the sun has turned the entire world int...
There is a thin line between money and loyalty....
Antoine has what every young single man could w...
A routine run for a truck driver turns into a n...
Road movie about two brothers who drive to Texa...
Interview film with German director Werner Herz...
is an autobiographical short film by Werner Her...
                                               NaN
                               TV Drama from Wajda
One of the first feminist movies, this is the s...
The daily hardships of a war-scarred Bosnian vi...
Nearly a decade after a faulty product landed h...
A six-hour long epic (original director's cut) ...
Huis-clos, is a French-language drama film from...
Three segments depicting the life cycle of a fr...
Louis Hayward stars as a wealthy man who tries ...
Bumbling detective Stan Laurel disguises himsel...
Well respected Pompeiian Glaucus performs an ac...
After the Chicago Cubs blow an opportunity to r...
Ren MacCormack is transplanted from Boston to t...
When paleontologist Kate Lloyd travels to an is...
Over four decades, Motorhead frontman Lemmy  Ki...
A married couple on the verge of separation are...
The story of the children who work 12-14 hour d...
The story of Joseph a man plagued by violence a...
The sequel of the "Men in the city" movie which...
Set in an underground dungeon inhabited by bund...
A savings-and-loan bank is robbed; later, a pol...
After several years of living with a cult, Mart...
The mother of a teenage sociopath who went on a...
A documentary on a former Miss Wyoming who is c...
The Great McGonigle and his troupe of third-rat...
The sins of the past are not forgotten in this ...
Navy SEALS, headed by Lt. Bobby James, are disp...
                                  Return of Django
The hot-headed young D'Artagnan along with thre...
In the not-too-distant future the aging gene ha...
Oranges and Sunshine tells the story of Margare...
An unlikely friendship develops between a hitma...
Charts the headlong fall of Pinkie, a razor-wie...
Involuntarily-retired Colonel Hyde recruits sev...
A subversive tale that interlaces five stories ...
A young woman witnesses a bus accident, and is ...
After 11-year-old Zachary Cowan strikes his cla...
Brazil is a contract killer, willing to take an...
A thriller that revolves around the key people ...
Researching a book that takes her to Bali and t...
In the 1950s, a poor Georgia cotton farmer and ...
After a nuclear war, society breaks down into t...
Alaska Silence &amp; Solitude is the follow up ...
For more than 30 years a man by the name of Dic...
Newcomer Monte Hale is tying to just get a job ...
In 1988, evil begins to terrorize young sisters...
A David and Goliath law drama about a drug-addi...
The daily grind for the cops of the Police Depa...
It's a comedy about a guarded woman who finds o...
YEAR OF THE CARNIVORE is a romantic-comedy-dram...
Offbeat but endearing romantic comedy about unl...
An alien civilization, which facing eminent ext...
Three people are transported into a parallel un...
The "bertsolari" is a kind of minstrel sings an...
Dagwood Bumstead (Arthur Lake) poses as his bos...
The most prominent heads of state in the world ...
A young man sets out to uncover the truth about...
A chronicle of the events that led to the found...
A bored, retired rock star sets out to find his...
Brandon is a New Yorker who shuns intimacy with...
A film about the early part of the French Revol...
A woman has dreams that she is a werewolf so sh...
After many adventures, young female switchboard...
65 shots making up a cryptically alluded-to nar...
Misfit Missouri brothers Jesse and Frank James ...
A story about bunch of people who live in a tow...
The story of a young Marine, fresh from Camp Pe...
A tale of two sisters. Penny (Masterson) cares ...
A documentary about the life and films of direc...
Rick Kirkham was a reporter for Inside Edition ...
Family is the most important thing in the world...
Present-day Chad. Adam, sixty something, a form...
                                               NaN
Martha, a widow living in rural Pennsylvania, c...
Ballad of the Little Soldier is a 1984 document...
The citizens of Gwangju lead a relatively peace...
Jose learns that Nora, the woman he was married...
Ally Darling (Anna Faris) is realizing she's a ...
Publisher, Will Atenton quits a lucrative job i...
In 1994 Oregon became the first state to legali...
Luca and Gustav, two men in their 30s, have bee...
A spaceship is sent to Mars after a alien distr...
After an atomic war Phillip Hammer and Marlowe ...
An accomplished headhunter risks everything to ...
Two men come to Gotham City: Bruce Wayne after ...
History books traditionally depict the pre-Colu...
A group of students are spending the summer vac...
                                               NaN
When barbarian hordes threaten her homeland, th...
When campus radio DJ, and indie-rock band manag...
The true story of Sam Childers, a former drug-d...
The film MISS REPRESENTATION exposes how Americ...
Brilliant trivia whiz Paul Tarson is great at a...
Set in the 19th century Warsaw. The indolence o...
Set against the backdrop of the succession of Q...
Biopic about 1970s Welsh marijuana trafficker H...
                                               NaN
A carpenter, who was executed in the electric c...
Soldier Robert Miller returns home from Afghani...
Tribute to Naples, where director De Sica spent...
It sounds like a budding writer's dream: a best...
Writer Léo Shepherd lives in rural France toget...
Hans Baerlach is a Swiss police detective who h...
Jennifer Jones plays Hazel Woods, a beautiful y...
Three young men become terrorized in a high-spe...
                                               NaN
A Sunday in Hell (original title: En Forårsdag ...
A revisionist western, "Doc" is Frank Perry's a...
Join filmmaking duo Chris Hegedus and Nick Doob...
A thief breaks into the home of a wealthy, happ...
Tony Richardson's Hamlet is based on his own st...
Gunslinger Clayton Drumm (Testi) is about to be...
A luxury condo manager leads a staff of workers...
As the face of law enforcement in America for a...
Based on a short story by Stephen King, a man a...
The mysterious murder of a US senator bearing t...
A High school Photographer breaks his own rules...
Rheinhardt, a cynical drifter, gets a job as an...
Intrepid young reporter, Tintin and his loyal d...
In this wacky military spoof, Lemmon plays a te...
A rookie cop is assigned to the 118 Precinct in...
An unusual ghost story set on the Peruvian seas...
Starsuckers is the most controversial documenta...
40-year-old Jimmy is growing up, or at least he...
Transport Minister Bertrand Saint-Jean is awoke...
A Mogul king decides to take stealthy action to...
A French family with two daughters, 10-year-old...
Harried and overworked, Taeko leaves the city f...
Simon is a sales representative about fifty. Wh...
Comédienne hantée par son rôle de Nathalia Petr...
Upon discovering his fiancée Tollea has been ki...
In a one off landmark drama documentary for BBC...
Middle-aged Antonin and his friends, the major,...
Tony gets fired from his job. He's not really s...
Garnet and Flower have grown up in an environme...
Suffering from writer's block and some curious ...
A single middle aged lady working as receptioni...
In this animated version of Edgar Allan Poe's s...
After her husband dies in a fire, a woman (Susa...
A Taiwanese man returns to the island after yea...
Director Martin Scorsese profiles former Beatle...
Hugo is an orphan boy living in the walls of a ...
A chronicle of one woman's lifelong struggle wi...
Kyle (Nicolas Cage) and Sarah Miller (Nicole Ki...
A teenage vigilante seeks revenge on a group of...
The story takes place in two parallel time plan...
The setting is one anonyomous city block during...
Disappointed by failed relationships and the de...
Forget the pie charts, color-coded maps and hyp...
Theseus is a mortal man chosen by Zeus to lead ...
Jack Sadelstein, a successful advertising execu...
An illegal Chinese immigrant falls behind on pa...
A tribute documentary on the most decorated U.S...
The passion the original Star Wars trilogy insp...
A comedic mystery involving a search for a miss...
At midnight in an antiquarian bookshop, Death, ...
Behind every breakthrough in the progression of...
A schoolboy uses his cellphone camera to shoot ...
A chilling vision of the House of Saddam Hussei...
A group of friends plan out a detailed heist th...
A young woman begins a new life at the Apolloni...
Johannes is a loner who wants a better job. And...
The wife of a British Judge is caught in a self...
A young man gets into an accident and now owes ...
A single mother takes on a boarder, with intrig...
After the death of his wife and child, an autho...
In intimate conversations with those involved, ...
Anders is a recovering drug addict in an Oslo r...
In 1961, a Soviet medical officer is conflicted...
Nada, named after a gang of Spanish anarchists,...
A Brooklyn postal worker follows her Egyptian b...
Daffy Duck and Speedy Gonzales find a treasure ...
Ballard's trail jumpers attack the Wyatt Compan...
In the valleys of Appalachia, a battle is being...
While Sasha's mother is dreaming of her son's g...
“I Want To Be A Soldier” is the story of Alex, ...
A wedding at her parents' Annapolis estate hurl...
A young law school graduate is hired by a prest...
China is plunged into strife as feuding warlord...
Young babysitter Amanda arrives at the Lloyd re...
The Spirit of Man (Ronald Colman) debates histo...
Former buffalo hunter and entrepreneur Wyatt Ea...
A poor boy of unknown origins is rescued from p...
Four customers purchase (or take) items from Te...
This documentary takes an intimate look at the ...
A young man abandons his family for a solitary ...
Ivy League Freshman, Aaron Milton (17) gets a d...
Japanese master spy Daka operates a covert espi...
This 15-chapter serial pits Batman and Robin ag...
France, WWI. Landru, the father of four Childre...
Vincent is a bright young man but has introvert...
Beloved schoolteacher reflects back on her life...
George and Catherine Apley of Boston lead a pro...
A small country on the verge of bankruptcy is p...
A vaudevillian is tricked into murder by a bore...
With his wife Elizabeth on life support after a...
A British college student falls for an American...
When Kermit the Frog and the Muppets learn that...
In this swordfighting comedy, a young noblewoma...
The new found married bliss of Bella Swan and v...
Georg Laschen leaves his family in West Germany...
Two escaped convicts (Robert Shaw and Malcolm M...
A woman falls in love with the man who killed h...
After her mother is killed by a car bomb, a 17-...
Follows a young man named Albert and his horse,...
Tired of the noise and madness of New York and ...
Sir Laurence Olivier is making a movie in Londo...
When American newspaperman and adventurer Henry...
Ever since she broke up with Nigel, Lena soldie...
A family has just moved to its new home. Soon t...
The swinging Andrews Sisters provide the musica...
An Inconvenient Tax is a 2010 documentary film ...
Davy is a 28-year-old writer on a road trip to ...
Posing as the fabulously glamorous Countess Tan...
After killing an ex-boyfriend in New Orleans, a...
A meteorite will destroy the world in three day...
Fed up with her present lifestyle, and more par...
When a robbery at a racetrack goes wrong ex-con...
Franco Elica is a film director casting a remak...
After a drunken house party with his straight m...
                                                  
A group of 20-something blue-collar workers in ...
A young couple out for a walk decide to take a ...
A bewitching combinatory adaptation of the Blue...
Told through the eyes of sticky-fingered eight-...
BEIJING TAXI is a timely, uncensored and richly...
Will, a charming 35-year-old Philadelphia ad ma...
Jimmy Durante is jungle star Schnarzan the Conq...
Fourteen-year-old Tessa is hopelessly in love w...
C (Lauri Nurkse) and Eetu (Tommi Mujunen) are t...
Igor is a professional boxer whose world comes ...
When an overconfident teen alien gets behind th...
Will's best friend and roommate Belcher, (Ryan ...
A Bollywood classic directed by Rodit Shetty. S...
An American man returns to a corrupt, Japanese-...
An avant-garde, psychedelic, poetic minimalism,...
This latest feature from the eccentrically expe...
Based in Delhi's Chandni Chowk, orphaned Sidhu ...
Choreographer George Randall (Dick Powell) is s...
A forty-year-old woman refuses to give into the...
In this hit Russian musical, a group of friends...
A guy who danced with what could be the girl of...
Barbara Stanwyck stars as the wife of an Irish ...
The story of the year the Oxford and Cambridge ...
In a world with no guns, a mysterious drifter, ...
A penniless middle-aged spinster scrapes by giv...
After Southern belle Elizabeth Lloyd runs off t...
Perfect Answer begins several months after the ...
On the night of 16 July 1942, ten year old Sara...
Spiker &amp; Cobakka are two self-confessed 'pi...
The O'Neills lived happily in their house in th...
Tony's father Sam, abducted by aliens three yea...
The story of two people who cross paths in Nouh...
When the critically acclaimed, tough and coming...
Noah, is not your typical entertain-the-kids-no...
A year after his father's death, Oskar, a troub...
When a saboteur places an explosive device on a...
A man's story parallels Hitler's rise. Austrian...
The magical tale of a mouse who takes a walk th...
When ladies' man David Mitchell (Paul Campbell)...
This holiday tale has all the elements of a cla...
Gaullish custom requires that a would-be chief ...
When marauding Romans capture - and catapult - ...
Asterix and Obelix have been given a tough miss...
Most people know the lasting legacy of Harry Be...
Susan Miller works behind the girdle counter in...
Follows veteran police officer Dave Brown, the ...
Mumble the penguin has a problem: his son Erik,...
Saxophonist Danny witnesses the murder of his b...
HealtH is set at a health food convention at a ...
An Italian anthology film directed by Roberto R...
A rich but lonely woman, Frances Austen, one da...
Each Christmas, Santa and his vast army of high...
The story of a young woman clinging on to her d...
An ornithologist battles a family of bird poach...
The story of three racing drivers and three wom...
Uncle Frank Kelly calls on Harry Crown to help ...
In 1902 London, unhappily married Philip Marsha...
July of 1916 was a time of record heat, a polio...
Peter Hall's Royal Shakespeare Company producti...
A chance encounter alters a teenage girl's perc...
Western that starts when a man (Matt Dow) is mi...
There are dysfunctional families... and then th...
Based on a true story, a group of boys from Mon...
An assassin is hired by a businessman to avenge...
Two teenage assassins accept what they think wi...
A man caught in the middle of two simultaneous ...
After watching their respective partners die, a...
Mr. Church reunites the Expendables for what sh...
A young boy makes a snowman one Christmas Eve, ...
The U.S. Navy's special group "Blue Water" buil...
A big splash in her first starring role: Esther...
U.S. Marine sergeants Quirt and Flagg are invet...
Every year in the ruins of what was once North ...
A simple-minded circus strongman, John Sikes, h...
A woman's consuming love forces her to bear the...
Fire of Conscience is an 2010 Hong Kong action/...
The story of a young prostitute who is trying t...
Taking his young city girlfriend along for the ...
It is England in the 1830s. London's dockside i...
Seven episodes, each taking place on a differen...
Following the death of District Attorney Harvey...
Laura Rossellini, a widow from Rome, vacations ...
The great King of Dacia, Decebal (Decebalus), i...
New CIA operative, Aaron Cross experiences life...
A 19-year-old searches for her twin brother aft...
Former college friends meet up for a reunion th...
There is a new criminal mastermind at large (Pr...
A documentary shot by filmmakers all over the w...
When a brilliant crime writer investigates a 40...
Une héritière qui n'arrive pas à hériter, un ra...
The film presents thirteen rhythms of flamenco,...
Opening in the seductive style of the sixties, ...
Director Louis Feuillade won fame and critical ...
Two Korean ex-pats in Paris are recruited by a ...
Satsuki (Tsugumi) and Takuya (Kenji Mizuhashi) ...
Caius Martius, aka Coriolanus, is an arrogant a...
A real estate agent from Paris arrives in Los A...
A group of unlikely travelling companions find ...
In the Polish town of Janow, during the 1930s, ...
An unexpected romance occurs for a female Red A...
A vengeful Southern sheriff is out for blood af...
Ayça and Hama Ali are together in spirit, but d...
A high school in a small-town in Mississippi pr...
It's been months since Jafar Panahi, stuck in j...
A girl who'd left her hometown for the exciting...
Along the Côte d'Opale, near a hamlet, with its...
Roque starts University in Buenos Aires but he ...
Renowned actress Colleen West abandons her succ...
Various lives intersect over the course of 48 h...
An adolescent groupie zeroes in on her Blondie-...
Gails agoraphobia keeps her inside where she es...
A 2002 French experimental film directed by Phi...
Based on a theatrical text by Romanian writer I...
A divorced writer from the Midwest returns to h...
MR. BONES 2: BACK FROM THE PAST, is the story o...
A horror-thriller centered on a woman living wi...
The lives of several couples and singles in New...
In the 4th installment of the Mission Impossibl...
Destro has created a Weather Dominator machine ...
Benjamin has lost his wife and, in a bid to sta...
In search of an emissary to represent the Ameri...
This English-language adaptation of the Swedish...
In Moscow, five young people lead the charge ag...
A documentary filmmaker follows a model for sev...
George Bird is a salesman of agricultural machi...
Playing around while aboard a cruise ship, the ...
Albert Nobbs struggles to survive in late 19th ...
The story of a woman who is slowly losing her s...
While people in Western Europe were used to cho...
Set in the world of mega-churches in which a fo...
In the wake of their friends' marriages and eve...
Broadway showgirl Evelyn Nesbit (Joan Collins) ...
Though no one can see him, Hollow Face lurks in...
Based on Jay Dratler's novel The Pitfall, André...
During the Bosnian War, Danijel, a soldier figh...
From a wheelchair a handicapped white man rules...
A parole officer falls in love with the ex-con ...
Two lazy screenwriters need a story for the stu...
While trying to raise money to prevent his car ...
A young French soldier in World War I is overco...
A 19th century con artist rises from medicine s...
Two Virginians are heading for a new life in Te...
It all starts with a bang. The car breaks throu...
Young Manhattan chef Samir rediscovers his heri...
A documentary devoted to the story of Portland,...
Dumped by her fiance just two months before the...
Based on the story of Americas enigmatic career...
When Puppy Paws (the fun-loving son of Santa Pa...
In Botswana's Okavango Delta, an ostracized lio...
After serving 12 years behind bars for armed ro...
A French hit man is hired by a crime family to ...
Two LA detectives get in over their heads when ...
Five friends return home from a marriage in Can...
A sharp-witted comedy that follows a group of a...
Spinning off from the popular Professor Layton ...
Bringing Up Bobby is the story of a European co...
                         A film by Juho Kuosmanen.
It's Christmas Eve in Helsinki. Young taxi driv...
Based on the best-selling novel by Irving Walla...
Skyscraper Souls is a Pre-Code 1932 drama film ...
Ladies Vs Ricky Bahl movie is a fun-filled rom-...
A Brooklyn teenager juggles conflicting identit...
In this one-hour Christmas special, Fozzie Bear...
The Winter Feast is Po's favorite holiday. Ever...
Tanner Hall is a vivid peek into the private wo...
A newlywed couple's honeymoon is upended by the...
In Italy, a woman becomes involved in a series ...
Born To Race is the story of Danny Krueger, a r...
After 20 years of touring, a roadie for a defun...
When his brother-in-law runs afoul of a drug lo...
Chak De! India follows a team of rag-tag girls ...
                                               NaN
A sexy young manicurist living with her older b...
                                       Directed by
An old villager deeply in love with his cow goe...
Johan van der Keuken went against the grain in ...
Mark Rappaport's off center soap opera parody c...
After watching their best friend get murdered, ...
Beloved by children of all ages around the worl...
Retired hockey player Johnny Hansen, in order t...
G.G. Sparrow faces off with her choir's newly a...
After losing their bearings, a group of Chilean...
A transvestite tries to erase any past history ...
Film adaptation of Anton Chekhov's story of lif...
A story centered on the friendship between a bo...
Chico is a young piano player with big dreams. ...
A look at the life of Margaret Thatcher, the fo...
Two sisters return home to care for their aging...
Three retired sea captains living together in g...
Vladimir is reaching the end of his life and de...
Director Bahman Farmanara's second film followi...
An apartment kitchen: a man and a woman discuss...
Set during the Greek Civil War, "With Heart &am...
A look at French president Nicolas Sarkozy's ri...
TJ is a mad bastard, and his estranged 13‐year‐...
The happy tranquility of Buggsville is shattere...
"En construcción" its that kind of documentarie...
A portrait of a small Moravian village and its ...
Imagine an ocean without fish. Imagine your mea...
In Chile's Atacama Desert, astronomers peer dee...
                                               NaN
Beth, a bookish teenager, befriends Emilia, an ...
A young pickpocket in the New York subways, liv...
A horror movie/buddy comedy about Joey and his ...
What would it be like to step inside a great wo...
Jonah (Paul Simon) is an aging rock star trying...
When a sexy, high-end escort holds the key evid...
A boy is given a ring by an old witch, he uses ...
When two neighbours clash, their argument becom...
Survivors of a nuclear attack are grouped toget...
After being held in a coma-like state for fifte...
An oil drilling team struggles to survive after...
An ex-cop turned con threatens to jump to his d...
For generations the Zhao family has wielded pow...
The director Lauri Nurkse tells that Veijarit i...
Destroyed in a dramatic and highly-publicized i...
The president (Bob Newhart) and his boozing wif...
Richard Attenborough, Patrick McGoohan and a ho...
At a carnival called the Garden of Evil, a man ...
A young American writer completes his service i...
Alec Graham is sentenced to death for the murde...
                                               NaN
A coming of age story set in 1975 working-class...
Mallory Kane is a highly trained operative who ...
Two contempo Frenchmen of Antillean descent vis...
When newlyweds visit Las Vegas, the wife's shad...
Chu Chu Ramirez is a Mexican farm laborer in Ca...
Mary Pickford's final film, Secrets (1933) was ...
As the Civil War spills our nation’s blood, Cap...
After his mistress is murdered a Mafia leader g...
                                               NaN
Based on the experiences of Nebraska cop Kathry...
Inspired by the fictional Dr. Heiter, disturbed...
A wealthy, successful, East-Anglian tulip growe...
Mr. Morris, the owner of a large metropolitan d...
An examination of how a cultured people could h...
In the early 1200s, Dogen brought Chinese Zen p...
The illiterate General of Canton, General So, a...
A look at the evolution of Albert Einstein's th...
Trained in clandestine combat from childhood, t...
Two best friends, Grant and Paul, hit the count...
Twenty years after their initial war-time visit...
Hilarity ensues when a casino manager spends a ...
P-A-X-497/341, aka “Pax” , a curious young man ...
The lives of a couple, an amateur photographer ...
Without her husband and without her lawyer’s li...
A local guide takes a young couple through a tw...
Farocki’s intriguing and troubling film explore...
A member of an Israeli anti-terrorist unit clas...
A "city symphony" full of dark humor that weave...
Set in the 1890s on the Hungarian plains, a gro...
At 10 years old, Owens becomes a ragged orphan ...
Frant Tandara, former torturer in Romanian comm...
Jean has been married to Francoise for years, b...
In Skoddeheimen, Norway, 15-year-old Alma is co...
Faust is a 2011 Russian film directed by Alexan...
In Chile, 1973, during the last days of Salvado...
A meditation on the human quest to transcend ph...
Viva is about a bored housewife in 1972 who get...
 A drama steeped in Portugal's Fado music culture.
After months of living a solitary existence, Le...
An unfocused twentysomething (Peter Fenton) mov...
A few years after his death, the widow of Stanl...
The Japanese yakuza films certainly have a well...
Set against the panoramic backdrop of war-torn ...
The dashing Lieutenant of Dragoons, after all h...
A brutal assault changes Marieke's life. She le...
NELU, a man in his forties, works as a security...
Scarlet Zabrinski, a successful, hard edged, L....
A toy factory worker, mentally scarred as a chi...
Three middle aged men, long time friends, get t...
Sexy Texas gal storms her way through life, bra...
Officially, Apollo 17 was the last manned missi...
A cinéma vérité look inside Paris' Crazy Horse,...
After his wife is assaulted, a husband enlists ...
      Passions divide a declining Southern family.
The troubled relationship of a married couple o...
Set in Las Vegas, the film centers on a man who...
The residents of a small Alaskan town find them...
It is mid-december, and SOS Brigade chief Haruh...
A cruise ship succumbs to a terrorist act and c...
An in-depth look at the lives and struggles of ...
A film by Michelangelo Antonioni composed of th...
Two peasant children, Mytyl and Tyltyl, are led...
The story of the Tuskegee Airmen, the first Afr...
A dramatization of one man's rescue of Jewish r...
A middle-aged husband of a younger woman finds ...
A Westerner finds refuge with a group of women ...
A lyrical documentary on the lives of Coal mine...
Someone is killing beautiful young Hipsters in ...
THUNDER SOUL tells the true story of Conrad O. ...
A group of catholic school girls are victimized...
Death and spiritual torment stalk three America...
A true story of two men who should never have m...
A young couple wrestle with their child's cance...
An unemployed lingerie buyer convinces her bail...
When the cable breaks on their diving bell four...
Jean Preston is determined to find her fiancée,...
Documentary following Chaz (formerly Chastity) ...
A fictional confrontation between the United St...
In 1998, an auction of the estate of the Duke a...
During the final days at the Yankee Pedlar Inn,...
Antero Rousku is a storeman in a paint store. H...
Mother and daughter (Sothern and Powell) compet...
Raised in a single parent family by his mother ...
Based on an inspiring true story, a small-town ...
A huge solar flare blasts Mercury out of it's o...
When the prominent citizens of a small town dis...
His goal is to help the weak and defenseless, b...
The history of the depiction of Native American...
James Garner is Luther Sledge, the leader of a ...
In 2001 Jack Cardiff (1914-2009) became the fir...
A collection of several interlinked stories tha...
A lot of things happened in the life of "Yolki"...
We all wish we could change the past. For Mel t...
Edwardian child Enid Blyton begins to tell stor...
When her fiancé breaks off their engagement, Da...
The most complex film of this period is perhaps...
The Frake family attend the Iowa State Fair. Fa...
A crew from a paranormal reality television sho...
An exiled detective is recruited to solve a ser...
Following the Second World War, a northern cann...
Sid Lucero, a 26-year old pre-Med student is an...
In the form in which we have each of these docu...
Forever Yours is a film about children who have...
Nikos is a master of funeral ceremonies (that's...
The film tells about mainly three people - Max,...
Three high school students make an incredible d...
The story follows a young lawyer, Arthur Kipps,...
Paying homage to his childhood fascination with...
An actor's career takes a "Tootsie"-like turn w...
"The Dancing Hawk" refers to the son of a peasa...
An adaptation of celebrity chef Nigel Slater's ...
George, a lonely and fatalistic teen who's made...
A tragic comedy centered on the HR manager of I...
The classic Nicolas Gogal fable The Overcoat is...
A kid from the Midwest moves out to Hollywood i...
A well respected monk, Capucino Ambrosio compro...
This documentary follows the 2004 Missouri Demo...
Nora Helmer has years earlier committed a forge...
A survival story about a honeymooning couple wh...
Judge Cass Timberlane marries a girl from the w...
A series of films about how humans have been co...
The legendary YES line-up of Jon Anderson, Chri...
When the women of America join together on elec...
James and his three closest lifelong friends go...
Living Proof is a 2008 Lifetime Television movi...
"Barbie" stars as Clara in this animated retell...
Irish comedian Dylan Moran live at Vicar Street...
Dylan Moran, creator of Channel 4's BAFTA award...
Unpredictable, bizarre, elegiac, often cruel bu...
Dylan Moran, star of Black Books, Shaun of the ...
A dangerous CIA renegade resurfaces after a dec...
Happy young married couple Paige and Leo are, w...
Open on gorgeous swamplands of the Atchafalaya ...
After several locals are viciously murdered, a ...
Two brothers, one wanted for murder, are shipwr...
King Kong is brought in by an evil ruler to dig...
Maria and Karl Lang are the singing duo of Vien...
Frisco Jenny was orphaned by the 1906 earthquak...
Author Rudyard Kipling and his wife search for ...
Recorded November 10th, 2011 as part of the New...
A TV reporter and cameraman are taken hostage o...
Roberto is an unemployed publicist who achieved...
Examines the evolution of the Black Power Movem...
Glamour artist Bob Randolph is world famous for...
Everybody's looking for something... Moving for...
Yoshitaro Nomura’s 1975 film of Seicho Matsumot...
A multi phobia-plagued single woman who hasn't ...
A man wanders into a seemingly deserted town wi...
In Rappaport’s dazzling and bizarre feature-len...
A female professor, a writer, and an orchestra ...
During a harsh Montréal winter, an elementary-s...
Songwriters Calhoun and Harrigan get Katie and ...
An insider's look at the gritty streets of New ...
This documentary promoting the joys of life in ...
Two Jesuit priests encounter persecution when t...
College "frenemies" Lauren and Katie move in to...
This documentary depicts the filmmaker Alejandr...
Casey Jones is the story of a quirky young man ...
A young girl who has been abandoned by her form...
Thirteen women who were schoolmates send to a s...
Sean Anderson partners with his mom's boyfriend...
A young Glaswegian prostitute in London tries t...
Kurz vor Weihnachten ist das einst erfolgreiche...
When Continuation War started in Summer 1941, G...
A teenage orphan (Mae Marsh) is taken in by a c...
Susan is a scientist searching for answers to i...
A group of young journalists investigate a cult...
Rami Haruvi, a daring Mossad Agent, is sent to ...
                      Out of Darkness, Comes Light
Daniel Jakor is one of the most prolific and su...
Forest of Bliss is an unsparing yet redemptive ...
A male nurse steals some of one of his patient'...
Two guys get a billion dollars to make a movie,...
A poor Mexican diver discovers a valuable pearl...
Topi's mother, who is also Tenho's wife dies an...
Hairy and rowdy creatures called rolleys sail t...
Ned Kendall is asked to return to the remote an...
Four parts and four travels to the sea, four cr...
                                               NaN
                                               NaN
Henry is a playboy who has no idea that he is t...
Naive Iowa farm boy Lewis Tater dreams of being...
Based on the true story of the enduring but tro...
A rich but unscrupulous old woman plots with a ...
Sixpack is a positive story on the outskirts of...
THE CITY DARK is a feature documentary about th...
The story of Louis Sarno, an American ethno-mus...
Bombay Beach is one of the poorest communities ...
Retelling of the classic Hans Christian Anderse...
In 1905, revolutionist Sun Yat-Sen visits Hong ...
The Sorcerer and the White Snake is an ancient ...
Flying Swords of Dragon Gate picks up three yea...
Walter Weed is an unassuming desk jockey at the...
An epic 12-year journey into the brutal and sec...
During World War II in the freezing Netherlands...
A parodic remake of the story of the young Gasc...
Sisters Jane and Penny are arrested for hitchhi...
Frank Fay stars in this 1931 Warner Bros. farce...
Summer vacation has just begun. In honor of Pea...
For years, Archie has been pining for Alice, th...
Three stories intertwined which occur in a sing...
Letty, a young woman who ended up pregnant, unm...
Based on the Greek tragedy MEDEA, this is a pre...
One modern critic termed this classic of the Da...
                                               NaN
A Year and a Half in the Life of Metallica is a...
Balkanski špijun is a 1984 Yugoslav comedy/dram...
'We Were Here' is the first film to take a deep...
Via Amazon: "Two wild teenage girls, Debbie (Ka...
A dark comedy about a murder and its consequenc...
Based on the book of the same name. A lot of pe...
Martin, a mercenary, is sent from Europe by an ...
When the last evacuation flight out of war-torn...
A chorus girl loses her job and thus the room s...
Romantic comedy which has Barney Lincoln and An...
When the devil resurfaces with aims to take ove...
Paris,1910. Emile, a shy movie projectionist, a...
Barry (Christopher Meloni) is a bitter, sexist ...
Rainer’s landmark film is a meditation on ambiv...
Athens &amp; Barcelona, two cities, two love st...
True story of Mary Griffith, gay rights crusade...
Des is an eleven year old kid who has had a rea...
During the winter of 1975 in Hawaii, surfing wa...
On a Caribbean cruise, Jenny (Bynes) is maroone...
The fascinating portrait of Ion Bârlàdeanu. The...
Spanish TV reporters covering the War in Bosnia...
A famous actress has to win over her ready-made...
In April 2009, a group of University of Michiga...
Harry and his pals are back for more adventure ...
19th century drama set on the plains of Ostrobo...
A mild-mannered secretary discovers that she ha...
Kate and Martin escape from personal tragedy to...
Guy and Madeline on a Park Bench is about the o...
           A young man succumbs to gambling fever.
In a fictional European country, a beautiful pr...
This highly acclaimed mini series traces the co...
OCTOBER BABY is the coming of age story of a be...
Khodorkovsky, the richest Russian, challenges P...
At the Bucharest Circus, the new young manager ...
An animated musical about a Rock n' Roll Guitar...
This consists of four short films by different ...
A young woman joins a theatrical troupe where s...
Bestselling novelist Mike Noonan, unable to cop...
A re-imagined account of the early life of Mari...
Talent can only get you so far. For golfer Luke...
Paris, in the early 1960s. Jean-Louis Joubert i...
Escaping from China with a microfilm of the for...
When the prehistoric warm-water beast the Croco...
Follows a group of friends that decide to go sn...
The film is in four parts. First, the camera pa...
Apartment concierge Cesar is a miserable person...
Setsuko is unhappily to Mimura, an engineer wit...
David Lord finds himself forced into the savage...
Elderly Will Lane arranges marriage of wild son...
The Satan Bug (1965) is a science fiction film ...
N has been a day patient at north London's Doro...
A few fugitives... And a very, very long way to...
Mythical story about a fishing village on the s...
A boy witnesses his mother kissing what he beli...
Young police officer Shane Cooper's first day o...
American soldiers, led by The Sarge, are stuck ...
                                No overview found.
A British-produced documentary about the bizarr...
                                               NaN
Long ago in a land with an ailing king, there w...
When the fun loving Marie sets her eyes on broo...
A thrilling mystery that unfurls in the alleys ...
The foppish mad scientist Dr. Goldfoot (Vincent...
The film centers on Asuna, a young girl who spe...
Jill Parrish is trying to rebuild her life afte...
Hugh Carver is an athletic star and a freshman ...
As law enforcement officers, Adam Mitchell, Nat...
Jay Austin wants to sell you a used car, but wa...
Three high school seniors throw a party to make...
A 12-year-old boy searches for the one thing th...
Eva is beautiful, irresponsible, self-absorbed ...
Three fanatical bird-watchers spend an entire y...
Talkative, hyperactive young drifter Ville Alfa...
                                               NaN
A Japanese man claiming to be Mr. Moto, of the ...
When a covert mission to rescue a kidnapped CIA...
After a psychic predicts his death, a small-tim...
In Spain, in the sixteenth century, an elderly ...
Set against the backdrop of a high school footb...
Two top CIA operatives wage an epic battle agai...
A drunken homeowner has a difficult time gettin...
An alcoholic checks into a health spa and his a...
In a departure from the tramp character, Chapli...
After a visit to a pub, Charlie and Ben cause a...
A crack space pilot returns to earth to find th...
       He risks it all for the love of a lifetime!
John Carter is a war-weary, former military cap...
A simple can of ravioli propels this spectacula...
Chaplin plays a handyman at a hotel. His love i...
Umay is a young woman of Turkish descent, fight...
A documentary on the mysterious and influential...
Features conversations with ten of the world's ...
Joe Baker has a dream. He wants to do 'somethin...
A policeman in New Mexico takes payoff money bu...
In 1971, four college students got together to ...
Charlie is released from prison and immediately...
Charlie is an overworked labourer at a film stu...
When Charlie the Tramp wanders into a mission h...
A new breed of action sports film comes to life...
Starbuck is a 2011 Canadian comedy film directe...
Examines the profound claim that most, if not a...
A wise and forgiving communist leader decides t...
At the top of the rugged Bosnian mountain, youn...
The film is told in three acts, beginning with ...
Doug Glatt, a slacker who discovers he has a ta...
A ranger whose passion is nude painting comes t...
In "Blind Pig Who Wants to Fly" you will find s...
Mordant, self-aware, freighted with sensitivity...
A Spanish orchestra conductor deals with the my...
A group of adventurers make off with 600 kilogr...
A French nobleman deserts his wife because of a...
Danny Foster doesn't have much: an apartment as...
The story revolves around Bernard Fripp(Atkinso...
In the far future when the continuity of the hi...
1921 England is overwhelmed by the loss and gri...
1942. Joseph is eleven. And this June morning, ...
A drama centered on an orphaned Palestinian gir...
Based on the novel by Edgar Rice Burroughs, a U...
Anderson Silva is the deadliest man on the plan...
A giant monster sends a town's citizens into a ...
Based on the book by John Heilemann and Mark Ha...
An anxious young tailor dominated by his father...
A thriller in which a battle of philosophies be...
Hee-soo has been a bestselling author for the p...
In high school, Schmidt was a dork and Jenko wa...
Dispatched from his basement room on an errand ...
Caught cheating and banned for ten years, Bobby...
On a scientific expedition to Siam young Billy ...
Secret Service Major Steel is one of the few me...
                                Film by Juha Rosma
An escaped convict gets a hold of some radioact...
An advertising executive, trapped in a tree by ...
A priest (William Holden) arrives at a mission-...
In his third of four action serials, horror sta...
Pie is a sweet girl who moves into a new colleg...
A missing person case involving a female univer...
Set in the near future, Lockout follows a false...
A woman subject to mental, physical, and sexual...
A wannabe serial killer wins the lottery and pu...
An urban mystery unfurls as one man pieces toge...
A group of five mountaineers are hiking and cli...
Academic researchers are chased by a nuclear-ho...
Based on true events, 16 year-old Jamie falls i...
In 2199, five years after the Gamilons began an...
An artist fails a test and is required to direc...
A chance encounter between a teen pickpocket an...
Surrounded by carnage, slaughter, brutal crashe...
A married couple move back to his childhood vil...
A comedian replies to the "Super Size Me" crowd...
Public Housing is Wiseman’s unflinching portray...
Amiro is a young boy who has lost his home duri...
An out of luck English man, Nigel, arrives in C...
Sara is a young woman who fails to understand t...
Young Scientists Elizabeth Burns explores the i...
1981, Morocco. A village in the Atlas mountains...
In this Bolivian story, a man remembers his lif...
A woman who has been raped by a work colleague ...
In the 1860's, Giorgio (Giraudeau), a young Ita...
Through intimate interviews, provocative art, a...
Scheming of a way to save their father's ranch,...
Chronicles the six-decade career of the U.S. fi...
Young boy, Ah-Jiang, a school failure and day d...
Marc Hall, a young man living in Quebec, regist...
Meet Evolver, the ultimate toy for the Cyberpun...
A romantic comedy set on Christmas Eve in Warsa...
Written by and starring Felicia Day (The Guild)...
JIRO DREAMS OF SUSHI is the story of 85 year-ol...
A trio of beautiful girls set out to revolution...
A study, mostly chronological, of the life of N...
This is it: one of the most talked about cult f...
A portrait of five men competing in the Miss Ga...
Widower Dr. Matt Younger and his daughter go to...
Jon, a middle-aged professor is going to get ma...
A fisheries expert is approached by a consultan...
This is the story of the clock-like movements o...
Takizawa prevented Japan's destruction - and th...
Accused of terrorism and feeling the heat, Saki...
Every year hundreds of people -- mostly women -...
As Japan joins in a political pact with Nazi Ge...
Follows disillusioned young family man John as ...
A decade after his heroic defeat of the monstro...
Detective Nick Blades is a New Orleans cop on t...
Based on a novel by Aleksis Kivi. Tells the gro...
Paan Singh Tomar (Hindi: पान सिंह तोमर) is an I...
The year is 1885, and necrophiliac Dr. Hitchcoc...
A chronicle of three weeks in the lives of seve...
A young man, in love with a woman who can never...
Dr. David Banner meets a former student, who ha...
Against the backdrop of a missing girl case, lo...
A look at how a painter and a successful actor ...
In the last moments of World War II, a secret N...
A woman and her lover murder her husband, a doc...
Tricia's husband Daniel has been missing for se...
HBO: Documentary Revisits the mysterious traged...
The characters we met a little more than a deca...
A group of trannies are violently bashed and le...
Deep in the heart of Jakarta's slums lies an im...
Five college friends spend the weekend at a rem...
A French woman mourning over the death of her h...
Fed up with the cruelty and stupidity of Americ...
How does art survive in a time of oppression? D...
Running from mistakes of the past, a man finds ...
Frankenstein, a young medical student, trying t...
A family must come to grips with its culture, i...
Set in Iraq (but shot in Syria), this is the st...
What happens when a man and a woman share a com...
                               Finnish Documentary
In 20 years, he's directed more films than Mart...
An American reporter smells a story when he is ...
A rogue cop must stop a scientist from taking o...
Poet Yusuf (35-38) returns to his childhood hom...
A portrait of village life in South Thailand, h...
During a stopover in Buenos Aires on her way to...
A sculptor is traumatized by the death of his w...
A film noir treatise about the coming of age of...
Housefull 2 is an upcoming Bollywood action com...
In Pakistan's Khyber Pakhtunkhua, RAW Agent Vin...
Manuel (Tristán Ulloa), Ana (Blanca Romero) and...
The psychological drama of a mining town in the...
The story of a great rivalry between a father a...
Jacqueline is a young mother living in 1960s Pa...
A comedy centered on two best friends, Kim and ...
In the 1970's, a slasher flick was released nam...
From Jean Shepherd (A Christmas Story) comes th...
Laura (Florencia Colucci) and her father Wilson...
Sarah returns with her father and uncle to fix ...
A sleazy chef is forced to face the truth about...
A colonial family seeks a better life in Maine'...
Alex is a Finnish taxi driver in Berlin. One ev...
While trying to save their childhood orphanage,...
A fictionalized account of the last days of Edg...
A legendary and friendly creature named Nessie ...
A private detective is hired to find a missing ...
After she spends all her money, an evil enchant...
When mankind beams a radio signal into space, a...
Redheaded teen Remy is bullied by his soccer te...
Following up on his 2007 documentary, The Most ...
Yukiko's fiance learns her mother runs a geisha...
Dramatisation of the case of serial killers Fre...
A Sicilian family deals with the arrival of a g...
A horror movie star returns to his famous role ...
A 15-year-old discovers the joys and heartaches...
British retirees travel to India to take up res...
An in-depth look at the Canadian rock band Rush...
Through the eyes of grandmother Rumidjah, a poo...
In 1911, a widow with two children leaves New Y...
The story of the battle to free Debbie Peagler,...
The Thompson family is accused of murder when a...
Mirko and Genziano are two brothers trentacinqu...
Based on a true story: Norwegian winter, 1915. ...
A young drug dealer watches as his high-rolling...
After a talent scout spots her performing with ...
Jeff Smith, BONE and the Changing Face of Comic...
A behind-the-scenes look at San Diego Comic-Con...
Young Limburg cattle farmer, Jacky Vanmarsenill...
                                               NaN
This year, over 5 million American kids will be...
A coming of age drama following the life of Mat...
While restoring a fifteenth-century painting Ju...
An ex-con helps some fellow ex-cons adjust to l...
A country bumpkin goes to Seoul in order to bri...
Mukash is chased by officials, learns of the de...
A romantic comedy about the invention of the vi...
A backwoods recluse steals the body of a young ...
A depiction of life in wartime England during t...
The subject of the film was the Hauka movement....
Dante journeys through the nine circles of Hell...
The Smiths  -- a  family with a secret past -- ...
A dream-like meditation on post-industrial life...
Just weeks after being diagnosed with a rare an...
Three friends from Delhi go missing in a small ...
When two friends, Dominique and Ursula, uncover...
After the birth of his first child, Roberto, a ...
George Bernard Shaw’s breezy, delightful dramat...
In a surreal, parallel universe, Thessaloniki h...
Noted Celebrity Photographer, Michael Grecco, s...
As the Metropolitan Museum of Art closes, Big B...
Ships disappear on route across the Arctic Sea,...
The U.S. government recognizes land grants made...
Exactly one year after Tom meets Violet, he sur...
   A documentary about voodoo in modern-day Haiti.
In the year 2163 the starship Ikarie XB-1 (Ikar...
Charming bon vivant Rudolf is convinced that in...
It's South Africa 1990. Two major events are ab...
You’ve probably never seen anything quite like ...
Inspector Wens moves into a Paris boarding hous...
American judge in Germany must decide if the hi...
A teen girl disappears after trying to meet men...
Former high school musical star, Marc Pease, fi...
A woman inherits a fortune, causing her husband...
An insurance salesman, Albert Tuttle, is hired ...
Hughie Mack, a not so nice western singer, is d...
In the Hands of the Gods is the true story of f...
Father William Smoortser drops his bible into a...
Set in the Channel Islands on the eve of D Day,...
The balance of power in four couples’ relations...
U.S. Marine Sergeant Logan Thibault returns fro...
On September 11th, 2001, 38 planes headed to Ne...
After arriving in Texas to escape a scandal bac...
An old man and a young boy who live in the sout...
After 60 years of silence, the survivors of the...
A Barbary Coast saloon owner hopes to marry his...
The story of the women on the KLM flight that w...
A Siamese twin kills the husband who left her. ...
In the 17th century Massachusetts, a married wo...
Filmmaker Marshall Curry explores the inner wor...
Whitney, a spoiled pre-teen from Philadelphia, ...
After a former elite agent rescues a 12-year-ol...
Two friends who haven't seen each other for thi...
David Tennant stars in a film of the Royal Shak...
A hotel clerk searches all over Le Havre for th...
An epic portrait of the New York avant-garde ar...
Two filmmakers try to create a film venturing o...
A former All-American football star (Joel McCre...
The world fell in love with Glen Hansard and Ma...
A young, dark-haired woman performs a dance ins...
Richard Grant is a lawyer who believes that mur...
                                               NaN
Two very different families converge on Martha'...
Struggling with his true emotions, dreams, memo...
The survivors are saved by the mysterious proph...
Based on the legendary true story of the Red Do...
For 27-year-old Ben, life couldn't be better. A...
The diary of the life and death of a group of "...
Amu is the story of Kaju, a twenty-one-year-old...
Vampire Barnabas Collins is inadvertently freed...
The heroic tale of young Mathayus and his relen...
Dole Food Company wages a campaign to prevent a...
Mustafa Moradi is aching to find a girlfriend. ...
Young newlyweds Irene and Daniel make the mista...
The story of 4 lives slammed together in a shoc...
An heiress who's been shut inside her apartment...
A local woman is hired to draw paparazzi away f...
Ray, who lives in New York, is visited by his y...
The small working-class town of Angels Crest is...
Riva is an operator, a man with charm and ambit...
After his father and uncle kill a neighbor, an ...
EntreLobos (AmongWolves) tells the remarkable s...
Based on a real WWII vet and family man turned ...
Deep within the mysterious Arboria Institute, a...
In 1964, when the New York Mets were regarded a...
Four friends discover and accidentally kill a b...
The life of the owners of Circus Esperança, Pur...
An ex-Navy seal (Mehcad Brooks), his girlfriend...
Léo is dragged to a nudist camping resort by hi...
In this movie, dancer Ella Lola performs a Turk...
A six-part BBC documentary miniseries that port...
Rocket Singh - Salesman of the Year is the some...
Dr. Baldev Chaddha (Anu Kapoor), a well qualifi...
A dying man frames himself for murder so his wi...
In this adventurous experiment in storytelling,...
Tadeoz Toroshelidze is the most reknowned wine ...
The story centers on Charlie, a Los Angeles bil...
Story of two young people who belong to differe...
The heroic story of a dictator who risks his li...
An unconventional documentary that lifts the ve...
Magazine editor Taishin Mamiya interviews high ...
An English novelist travels to Bombay to watch ...
Before carving out a niche as one of the most d...
Gangster and deadbeat dad, Ulysses Pick, embark...
Many people think of the dinosaurs as the first...
In the background is a row of three-masted sail...
Follows the globe-trotting journey of President...
After a powerful billionaire is murdered, his s...
In the early 70s, Cathy Rush becomes the head b...
Radio star Kitty Moran, long married to partner...
Gifted Hands: The Ben Carson Story is a movie b...
A family drama involving a wife torn between he...
The strength of a couple's fascination with air...
                                               NaN
Four young African workers attempt to break the...
13-year-old Monica leads a street life, making ...
Challenged by a new student, tutor and theorist...
Agents J (Will Smith) and K (Tommy Lee Jones) a...
After the Evil Queen marries the King, she perf...
Like Rokava, the Ceylonese entry in the 1957 Ca...
After a mixup at the check-in, Aimo Niemi board...
Set in a small town in the Sierra Nevadas, Pine...
Previously filmed in 1932, and remade a third t...
A Chinese wife returns to the American family s...
A journalist and his girlfriend get pulled in w...
Joseph Cotten plays a assistant bank manager wh...
Angela (Shannon Elizabeth) is throwing a decade...
The lives of three 12-year-old buddies -- shari...
A common man tries to fight terrorism by making...
Set in 2041, humans of planet Earth now live si...
A group of six tourists looking to go off the b...
Nasser-Ali, a talented musician, loses the will...
"Escuela de seducción" is an acceptable comedy ...
Two former U.S. Army soldiers, Adam Dyer and Jo...
The life of Blues and folk singer Huddie Leadbe...
The luxuriantly bearded Pirate Captain is a bou...
Yann, a cook, and Nadia, a waitress and mother ...
Writer Ernest Hemingway begins a romance with f...
A desperate love story between two young girls ...
A pistol-packing teen meets an unstable rebel a...
A team of explorers discover a clue to the orig...
After their mother passes away, sisters Nicole ...
Phyllis and Harold is a frank journey through a...
A young boy fighting cancer writes letters to G...
In this true story in the tiny, rural town of C...
Based in England, Nikhil Mathur is employed as ...
Director Philip Dunne's 1958 drama, based on Jo...
The feature film directing debut of Spike Lee p...
With three days before his paper folds, a crusa...
A couple goes to dangerous lengths to find a lu...
Director Dag Yngvesson begins making a document...
Min-soo is on leave from the military and visit...
Twenty-eight-year-old Margot is happily married...
Berlin 36 is a 2009 German film telling the fat...
A tone-deaf cop works to track down a group of ...
Professor Griggs, teaching at the college, does...
A British physician stands trial for murdering ...
William K.L. Dickson plays the violin while two...
Rattled by sudden unemployment, a Manhattan cou...
Domineering Harriet Craig holds more regard for...
A moll, imprisoned after participating in a ban...
Set on an island off the coast of New England i...
Arising out of the horror of the Spanish Civil ...
In the Texas bayous, a local homicide detective...
Vidya Bagchi (Vidya Balan) arrives in Kolkata f...
The Man of Steel finds himself outshone by a ne...
Two young brothers at opposite ends of Kyushu d...
Irrestisible charm and talent helps Serge Alexa...
Peter Carter, his wife Sally and their young da...
A career criminal (Gibson) nabbed by Mexican au...
After a group suicide, two journalists investig...
Roland Sallinger is an LA cop who after nearly ...
An American journalist and his cameraman are ca...
A touching mother-daughter relationship that re...
Seven misfits are trapped by a flesh eating sli...
When LexCorps accidentally unleash a murderous ...
Premiered as an intermission for the Swedish ba...
The story takes place in a country about which ...
Tracy Morgan’s first stand-up special on the ch...
Alex's high opinion of himself isn't backed up ...
The wife of the officer running a prisoner camp...
A psychedelic re-telling of the biblical story....
A premonition of a horror film, lurking danger:...
A documentary on Phil Rosenthal's experiences d...
Al Goddard (Alan Ladd), a detective who works f...
A young college student is found stabbed to dea...
A comedy about a groom and his three best men w...
Late Bloomers stars Isabella Rossellini and Wil...
A desperate, childless couple kidnap a pregnant...
The real-life story of Charles Whitman's deadly...
Riding across Manhattan in a stretch limo in or...
Ray, an ex-cop, is starting a new life looking ...
Jack McCall is a fast-talking literary agent, w...
A nature documentary centered on a family of ch...
Based on a true story, this film recounts the s...
Three magazine employees head out on an assignm...
Alex, Marty, Gloria and Melman are still trying...
Bunnyman is the story of a group of friends on ...
A stuffy young lawyer's outlook on life drastic...
A newspaper editor takes on the cause of oppres...
A woman dressed elegantly walks purposely throu...
Inauguration of the Pleasure Dome is a short 38...
In Bolivia, Butch Cassidy (now calling himself ...
Iris invites her friend Jack to stay at her fam...
Moro returns to Alma Ata to collect money owed ...
A bee keeper, Spiros, travels from the north to...
A retelling of Dragon Ball's origins, this is a...
Goku and Kuririn are given an assignment by Kam...
United States President Lex Luthor uses the onc...
The End was only the Beginning.The year is 2509...
A monster hunter goes after a beast that could ...
Three hooded Eastern-European criminals burst i...
A tale of the tender relationship between a twe...
An exquisite period piece that skillfully explo...
Master Roshi has succeeded at the one mission h...
The evil Dr. Kochin uses the dragon balls to re...
Brave is set in the mystical Scottish Highlands...
Belle prepares the castle for Christmas against...
"Front of the Class" is based on the true story...
Handel's Alcina. Anonymous libretto, adapted fr...
A young woman in dire financial straights accep...
The Saiyajin named Turlus has come to Earth in ...
When news of John Smith's death reaches America...
Georges Duroy travels through 1890s Paris, from...
Challenges of impending parenthood turn the liv...
Four tales unfold in the Eternal City: While va...
The Hollander family's European vacation is int...
President Lincoln's mother is killed by a super...
Killer Vincent "Mad Dog" Coll moves in on gangs...
Frank Capua is a rising star on the race circui...
A documentary that follows six young dancers fr...
Jo is chained down in a dead end supermarket jo...
The movie has a fixed point of view showing a b...
In his dedicated pursuit of technology that wil...
As a killer named Cinderhella stalks the studen...
Nina Frisk is a flight attendant who loves flyi...
Vera Kowalska (Kay Francis) is put on trial for...
Mary Herries is a rich woman with a habit of co...
Think breakdancing died in the eighties? Think ...
A chronicle of the Cristeros War (1926-1929), w...
"Woochi" begins in the Chosun Dynasty in 1509 a...
Scusa ma ti chiamo amore is a 2008 Italian film...
In 1944 a Soviet marine air force unit statione...
Kin (Anthony Wong) is a hard-working insurance ...
A small town girl and a city boy meet on the Su...
As an asteroid nears Earth, a man finds himself...
Dignity. Poise. Mystery. We expect nothing less...
Kari the babysitter thinks she's in for a night...
Hollywood action film star Rafe Stoker has sunk...
Henry Jekyll is a troubled man. His wife died o...
On a high mountain plain lives a lamb with wool...
With one coin to make a wish at the piazza foun...
On a trip around the world, every day feels lik...
Scotty moves into Mrs. Engels' seaside mansion ...
John Bennett, a man whose childhood wish of bri...
An offbeat romantic comedy about a silver-paint...
Babies are hardly monster-like, unless you're a...
Mike, an experienced stripper, takes a younger ...
A sequel to 2006's Who Killed the Electric Car?...
Cooler has resurrected himself as a robot and i...
After defeating Frieza, Goku returns to Earth a...
A man and wife are terrorized by Mad Scientist ...
A home movie made by Robbins and Meg Barstow th...
Dive with some unforgettable Disney characters ...
In feudal Korea, the evil King becomes aware th...
Mr. T's first starring made-for-TV movie role h...
Dean and Sal are the portrait of the Beat Gener...
A teenager pretends to be dying from cancer as ...
The Joffrey Ballet: Mavericks of American Dance...
Dr. Gero's Androids #13, #14, and #15 are awake...
As Goku investigates the destruction of the Sou...
                                               NaN
Everyone knows what to do if one morning the sk...
While working undercover as a bodyguard to arms...
Peter Parker is an outcast high schooler abando...
When a crusade against the Church of England's ...
Mr. Money is holding another Tenka'ichi Budokai...
Reminiscences of a Journey to Lithuania is a 19...
A documentary filmmaker explores seemingly unre...
A woman wakes up in a river. Wounded and withou...
The melancholy, homely Kamimura is a hit man wh...
A countess' unrequited love for an army officer...
A group of people find themselves trapped in th...
Three men hammer on an anvil and pass a bottle ...
Manny, Diego, and Sid embark upon another adven...
Hushpuppy, an intrepid six-year-old girl, lives...
When D. C. Dangerous Davies, not held in high r...
Wealthy Cynthia is in love with not-so-wealthy ...
A plane carrying a weapon more dangerous than a...
It tells the story of a struggling man who, aft...
Spending their summer on an exotic beach, two b...
Businessmen arrange the early release from pris...
Shingo and Ritsuko have a baby: Takashi. They h...
Euridice in Hades, code number ΒΑ 2037, is wait...
By applying all his knowledge in electricity an...
Six friends are to graduate the next day from t...
Pot growers Ben and Chon face off against the M...
Balto and his daughter Aleu embark on a journey...
18 year old Juri is seriously addicted to onlin...
A true story, Bela Kiss was one of the the most...
Rasmus defends his Ph.D in Danish literature en...
DeeDee returns to her hometown with her 11 year...
Life coach Sven travels to Thailand to fulfil h...
The War is a seven episode documentary miniseri...
The complex life of Thomas Jefferson, who wrote...
Thanks to a strict Muslim upbringing that large...
In November 2009, filmmaker Cameron Crowe began...
Based on Molière's play. The children of Harpag...
The only hope for humanity to survive a natural...
Set in the 1980s, Dom is a teenager who finds h...
Life as the sole sale item in the clearance cor...
When a street smart "goth girl" (Roxy Vandiver)...
Carrie Remington seems like any other strugglin...
When a police officer is murdered, Captain Stre...
An aging codger named Geri plays a daylong game...
On a one-day business trip to New York, a young...
Two siblings played by William Baldin and Jodi ...
A Wall Street investment banker who has been se...
A British agent's son is kidnapped and held for...
One day in the life of a hit man, Ronnie, who s...
A former mental patient's repressed anger reach...
Two Turkish anti-terrorist agents are sent to N...
Sanjay and Akshaye, childhood friends and small...
When a band of assassins invade the home of the...
Treasure Island is a two-part British televisio...
Four everyday suburban guys come together as an...
Vincent Lannoo’s ‘mockumentary’ shows us a comm...
Hector is a star basketball player for the Coll...
In this episode, the sly sleuths are busy wrapp...
Travel with the pint-sized supersleuths, Mary-K...
A vulnerable teenager with a deep perception of...
Marion and Mingus live cozily – perhaps too coz...
Set in 1970s Britain, a man drives from London ...
That infamous whale is bigger, badder and a who...
Mild-mannered and modest Sook-young looks like ...
Terminal USA is the story of a Japanese-America...
Two brothers develop a very close relationship ...
In a marvelously animated version of one of the...
Dean Karnazes also known as the UltraMarathon M...
A cop (Matthew McConaughey) who moonlights as a...
An awkward historical satire critical of the ri...
It’s a revelation conjuring heated debate: Acco...
The film opens with a Saiyan Space pod flying t...
Based on the seinen science fiction manga serie...
After he's fired from his job -- by his mother,...
Jaga Bada, Mr. Satan's old sparring partner, ha...
Not paying attention to his job, a young demon ...
A young woman is forced into an arranged marria...
Jonas Mekas adjusts to a life in exile in New Y...
Cancer-terminal tycoon Peter Murdoch's secret W...
Out on parole after 8 years inside Bill Hayward...
Two old pals attend an old friends funeral and ...
During his twenties, a young man works at vario...
Set in the India of the British Raj, the evil a...
This black and white movie is based on Rudyard ...
While staying at a picturesque village, a teen ...
It's Christmas Eve in Wales. A young boy named ...
Scrooge is a miserly old businessman in 1840's ...
Shot by a jealous husband, Charley falls out a ...
A romantic thriller about a construction worker...
Life on a shelf as a snowman trapped in a snow-...
One by one, a flock of small birds perches on a...
Calvin is a young novelist who achieved phenome...
Welcome to Rekall, the company that can turn yo...
An improvised comedy, shot over five days by Sh...
A young couple find themselves in an unnerving ...
Based on a true story. Philip Markoff, a charis...
After escaping an abusive husband, Anna and her...
The Fantastic Four is an unreleased low-budget ...
The duke of York, nicknamed Bertie, was born as...
Infection takes place in a dark, isolated hospi...
Narrowly avoiding jail, new dad Robbie vows to ...
An optimistic (and witty) discovery of what peo...
After serving 6 years for a crime he didn't com...
Six high school friends who come to the quarant...
Morning of the Earth is a classic surfer film f...
The Z Warriors discover an unopenable music box...
Bardock, Son Goku's father, is a low-ranking Sa...
A roller coaster ride of love, emotions and com...
A 19th century vampire stalks a more powerful v...
Jean-Claude is a loud-mouthed, know-it-all and ...
George Abitbol, "the Most Classy Man on Earth",...
"Documentary Filmmaker looking for suicidal ind...
Two boys are talking after a bicycle accident. ...
Trained KGB assassin, EDWARD GENN (code name IC...
Granger, an ex-Special Forces soldier gets thro...
A successful artist loses control of his life a...
It has been thirteen years since the Androids b...
Son Goku Jr. is the grand-grandson of the legen...
They get ready to kiss, begin to kiss, and kiss...
A romantic comedy full a refreshing global pers...
A police detective uses his girlfriend to track...
Dave and Emma have found the perfect house, unt...
A seasoned assassin plays both sides in a Russi...
Sam, a college student in a small Northwestern ...
A weekend retreat at a remote cabin in the wood...
Traveling on a ferry heading to the island of H...
The Tortoise and the Hare is an animated short ...
A French comedy with comedians Eric &amp; Ramzy...
A documentary about the legendary creature, Big...
In May of 2011, Neil Young drove a 1956 Crown V...
A series of killings occur, with no suspects, t...
In St. Jude, drug dealers and corrupt cops have...
A happy newlywed marriage counselor's views on ...
Follow Ariel's adventures before she gave up he...
An average guy makes a resolution to stop using...
When Bond's latest assignment goes gravely wron...
Five friends (representatives of the Fifties ge...
Rod Steiger is ferocious as a scheming land dev...
Follows the fortunes of a young teacher Prem (S...
                                No overview found.
In this radical and endearing black comedy, a g...
John McKenna is a spiritual being who is able t...
Two rival politicians compete to win an electio...
                                               NaN
A Secret Service Agent is held captive in the t...
After thirty years of marriage, a middle-aged c...
In an alternate version of 1949 Japan in which ...
The citizens of Tokyo panic when they see UFOs ...
Chuck Norris stars as martial arts extraordinai...
A counterterrorism specialist is assigned by th...
With the epic dimensions of a Shakespearean tra...
Dean Randall has sponsored a young Chinese orph...
A former cop turned Los Angeles P.I. takes on a...
Ginger Rogers, a young defense plant worker who...
When a gunman killed five Amish children and in...
May 1944, a group of French servicewomen and re...
Space hero Captain Video battles the evil Vultu...
Emilia is a teenager and a good girl, who never...
Six years ago a mysterious shooting takes place...
Captain Martin Stone is leading a finely-traine...
Jamie Johnson takes the exploration of wealth t...
Anja and five friends join anthroplogy student,...
A strange attempt to bring the work of surreali...
Tokyo engineer Kariya arrives on a primitive tr...
What is Hell for others is home for us. This is...
The story of Muhōmatsu, a rickshaw man who beco...
The footloose ennui of Poland’s postwar generat...
Jôji is a boxer barred from the ring; Saeko is ...
It's the closing night at the last drive-in the...
Young Jackie was intrigued by Kung-Fu since an ...
Historical movie set during the Japanese occupa...
In Okinawa, Ayaka Kurenai was born in the world...
Bruce Lee is universally recognized as the pion...
A parody of anthropology, linguistics, and cult...
Rikiya Shoda is an engineer working for the Ato...
From Paris in the 1960s to London in the first ...
The stakes could not be higher as visionary dir...
Lily and Alison face a life-changing event afte...
A celebrity (Yujiro Ishihara), dissatisfied wit...
Ismail Merchant's feature directorial debut add...
Incriminating evidence against a gang is left i...
In the town of Blithe Hollow, Norman Babcock is...
School is out and Greg is ready for the days of...
More than just a biography, this film explores ...
A young cameraman, Jun Torres, encounters a str...
A young woman from Sweden (Kristina Söderbaum) ...
Elisabeth’s great love is Reinhart, a budding m...
Jux Jonas (Mike Norris) is stuck deep in the he...
"Piled Higher and Deeper" The Movie is a live-a...
                                               NaN
13 years after the King Injo Revolt, the Chosun...
An tale of revenge, honor and disgrace, centeri...
Having a self-absorbed New Age mother and an es...
Celeste and Jesse met in high school and got ma...
                A finnish TV-movie by Jukka Sipilä
Young and full of life, Murielle (Emilie Dequen...
Shaun Evans (The Take) steps into John Thaw's s...
Former getaway driver Charlie Bronson jeopardiz...
Are you young, sexually confused, just trying t...
Three suburban English families' lives intertwi...
A mother and wife stricken with memory loss all...
For more than a month, eating only powdered sug...
As a newly crowned princess, Cinderella quickly...
Abe is a man who is in his thirties and who liv...
Teens in a small conservative town are turned i...
Viewers will get a look at Parker and Stone's t...
A feverish collision of avant-garde aesthetics ...
In 'A Brave New World', a virus brings the city...
In Manhattan, a bike messenger picks up an enve...
Four geologists are searching for diamonds in t...
Two lonely people in the big city meet and enjo...
Four sexy young girls are to clean an old house...
Made during Bergman's tax-related exile in Germ...
A childless couple bury a box in their backyard...
Set in the Depression-era Franklin County, Virg...
While cleaning offices at night, Zsolt Kovàcs l...
After the events at Lake Victoria, the prehisto...
A Serbian engineer falls for a younger woman, b...
On a late night visit to an ATM, three co-worke...
A teacher plays a mental game with some of his ...
A burgeoning stand-up comedian struggles with t...
Recorded at the world famous Hammersmith Apollo...
Assigned to a Vice squad, Detective Jane Tennis...
A seemingly straightforward sex murder investig...
Portabella’s first feature, co-scripted by poet...
This documentary emphasizes that people have st...
Helen Mirren returns for the final time as Jane...
Two South Africans set out to discover what hap...
A young girl buys an antique box at a yard sale...
An ex-mercenary known for finding missing child...
Found footage of an expedition into the Congo j...
Despite a traumatic event, a group of friends d...
                                               NaN
Plagued by frightening occurrences in their hom...
A filmmaker sets out to discover the life of Jo...
Life for Sale is the story of one unlucky man's...
Top scientists want to build a nuclear bomb-pow...
Detective Superintendent Jane Tennison's invest...
Supt. Tennison orchestrates a search for an abd...
Four women, who have been sterilized and are un...
Follow the travels of the world famous Bigfoot ...
Conception is a clever, romantic comedy that pr...
The moon is such a familiar presence in the sky...
Jed prepares to interview French cineaste and s...
An English couple's holiday in Spain is interru...
                                               NaN
The gangs of Jesse James and Cole Younger join ...
Jonathan Miller set his well-known production o...
In 1977 France, the Ministry of the Future choo...
A further investigation into the arrest of thre...
Three friends are asked to be bridesmaids at a ...
The Words follows young writer Rory Jansen who ...
The 38-year-old bodybuilder Dennis would really...
Sentemental military comedy revolves around two...
                                               NaN
Miguel, a poor young man living in Franco's Spa...
A pro-America superhero destroys France to prev...
Comedy about a fool woman that in reality is cl...
College student Beca knows she does not want to...
A young American uncovers a conspiracy during h...
Divorced and demoralized Amy Minsky’s prospects...
Otsuta is running the geisha house Tsuta in Tok...
In a dystopian future, where corporate brands h...
In the year 1885. After years of retirement Wes...
A former US Operative, who lived in Russia in h...
A portrayal of the singular experience shared b...
Samsara is a word that describes the ever turni...
In an attempt to convince Minnie that he hasn't...
In the futuristic action thriller Looper, time ...
Sandra is the manager at a fast-food restaurant...
A Bajau midwife copes with the irony of her own...
While in his teens, Donny fathered a son, Todd,...
Arthur answers a distress call from Princess Se...
The warrior Deathstalker is tasked by an old wi...
Deathstalker helps Reena the Seer out of a few ...
A team of parapsychologists sets out to investi...
Klitschko tells the captivating story of the bo...
A young Tutsi woman and a young Hutu man fall i...
The tragic love story between Guido, the owner ...
Two characters on a Noh stage dramatize the rit...
Biographical film about Jean Seberg, loosely ba...
Vampir-Cuadecuc is a 1970 experimental feature ...
A delightful dramatic comedy, a buddy picture, ...
The Punk Syndrome is a film about Finland’s mos...
On a remote, isolated, unnamed Lebanese village...
Ai Weiwei is known for many things – great arch...
Four guys on a bachelor party get off the subwa...
Max, Aaron and Glen have a track record littere...
This is an exposition of the social and politic...
Apple. Intel. Genentech. Atari. Google. Cisco. ...
At the age of ten, Henry James Hermin, a boy wh...
Kirk Redgrave and Flint Weaver met only three w...
The Umbrella Corporation’s deadly T-virus conti...
Slowed by age and failing eyesight, crack baseb...
A petty crook (Joseph Cotten) moves to an Ohio ...
Inspired by Arthur Schnitzler's classic La Rond...
Jost roams through the streets of Berlin. He op...
Cattleman Flint cuts off farmer Sims' water sup...
Kurt Anderson is the tyrannical manager of a Ne...
The story of the seven pearls of the English Cr...
At sunrise five people meet on a high rise roof...
Paul Simon returns to South Africa to explore t...
Just three weeks before her wedding, Lola (Gret...
Freddie, a volatile, heavy-drinking veteran who...
Robert Conrad and Ross Martin reprise their rol...
Biography of risk-taker and raconteur John Hust...
In the future, America is a dystopian wasteland...
Nekhludoff, a Russian nobleman serving on a jur...
Four friends travel to a lakeside cabin for a c...
A troubled hedge fund magnate, desperate to com...
A young man must find his own way as his Southe...
Four episodes. Nicola, paralyzed after a car cr...
Bologna, 1954. Taddeo, a young man of 18 whom e...
When a gold digger starts to get a little old t...
Detroit’s story has encapsulated the iconic nar...
A highly skilled bodyguard avenging his brother...
With Don't Think, multi GRAMMY® Award-winning e...
A manifesto of sorts for the Czech New Wave, th...
Police Inspector Ghote lives a middle-class lif...
When a plague breaks out in Hamburg, several pe...
Like a tale spun by Schehrazade, Kismet follows...
"ChromeSkull" is the sequel to the 2009 horror ...
A semi-fictional account on the fatidic Septemb...
Spike Milligan's book about the divided Irish v...
A young man attempts to seek to avenge his wife...
                                               NaN
Película española basada en la novela homónima ...
Lorna is a strong-willed Texas woman who’s had ...
Zheng Zhou is the most feared warrior from the ...
Two young officers are marked for death after c...
The setting is a small town in 1870s Pennsylvan...
When a group of misfits is hired by an unknown ...
Explores the world of a boxing gym in Austin, T...
The perfect gay couple are having a wedding in ...
A coming-of-age story based on the best-selling...
A teacher lives a lonely life, all the while st...
We follow 24 hours in the life of a being movin...
Follows the Boston Red Sox' Tim Wakefield and t...
    Icelandic drama about two remote road-workers.
In an act of vengeance, a young man randomly ki...
Dive into more than a century of decadence with...
Edgar is a young upper-middle class man, close ...
Musical prodigy, Sparkle (Jordin Sparks) strugg...
Over the course of this drama's six separate st...
A dishonest insurance salesman's life quickly d...
Two investigators of paranormal hoaxes, the vet...
The 35th anniversary of the 1976 Oscar-winning ...
In Istanbul, retired CIA operative Bryan Mills ...
A reporter returns to his Florida hometown to i...
This straight-talking program seeks to understa...
On April 2nd 2011, LCD SOUNDSYSTEM played its f...
What do women want? Don Juan is aging. He's arr...
                                               NaN
One Nine Nine Four is a documentary film writte...
A mysterious reiatsu (spiritual particle) explo...
This is a documentary that revisits the making ...
In Passing is a collaboration between seven dif...
 Olmi’s 1967 short about a young boy’s first love.
A young woman leaves her job and lover in Japan...
A sly riff on the Prodigal Son story, Mika Kaur...
A young queen falls in love with her physician,...
A mother and daughter move to a new town and fi...
Aspiring college cheerleader, Cassie Stratford ...
A sailor takes an American businessman and his ...
A Semester at Sea ship is attacked and sunk by ...
When most people look at Florence Farley, they ...
The morning after kicking off their semester wi...
Germany in the early 1930s. Against the backdro...
A car accident gives a spoiled, troubled young ...
2016: Obama's America takes audiences on a grip...
She drove me into a corner, then forced me to g...
        A look at the dissolution of a marriage...
Hannes is an old man who has grown apart from h...
Investigates the corrupt judicial system under ...
Humanity’s ascent is often measured by the spee...
Elmer, rich society loafer, falls for Mary, but...
To avoid the life-threatening dangers of manned...
Set in a hotel straddling the border between Ca...
When her child goes missing, a mother looks to ...
Set in the 1980s and 1990s, a man tries to salv...
In an effort to tap into his original talent, a...
A man's life is altered unexpectedly after tell...
The wife of a doctor in China falls in love wit...
In a world connected by YouTube, iTunes, and Fa...
A married tugboat captain falls for a woman he ...
In Jan Němec’s surreal fable, a picnic is rudel...
It's 1968, and four young, talented Australian ...
The first US teleplay to deal sympathetically w...
SOMETHING FROM NOTHING: THE ART OF RAP is a fea...
An offbeat romantic comedy about a decent guy, ...
Engineer Jan Sebek (Jan Kacer) is undergoing tr...
Death is only the beginning for the young victi...
Put in charge of his young son, Ali leaves Belg...
A silent comedy set in an actor's boardinghouse...
A series of separate experiments involving pois...
The survivors of a plane crash in a remote area...
The tale begins on the freighter Dragon King, w...
In the early part of this century, Maddelena a ...
Melodrama about two girls whose fortunes run on...
While fighting for the political supremacy of t...
A group of stoners inhale more than they bargai...
A married couple loses their children while on ...
The story centers on a group of strangers trapp...
The true story about legendary explorer Thor He...
Giving fans unprecedented access to the real li...
A naive young dancer in a Broadway show innocen...
A young priest is ordered to preside over the w...
In 1745 a German princess, renamed Catherine, a...
"Roseland" is made up of three stories, sometim...
Udaka is a new, post-war city where corruption ...
The history of color photography in motion pict...
    TV Documentary about Ingmar Bergman from 1998.
Lon Chaney, the silent movie star and makeup ar...
Josefina's personal journey back to Nuremberg, ...
Pioneer filmmaker J. Stuart Blackton was intrig...
A Finnish documentary follows four young men wh...
Documentary - During the 1960s, the United Stat...
A young woman named Noah lives alone in New Yor...
A documentary about the design of cities, which...
A documentary about the conflict in 1993 betwee...
A young, millionaire rock promoter creates a ne...
A medical examiner suspects a vampire might be ...
This documentary explores the incredible life o...
This documentary on the life and work of Academ...
This documentary, aired on the Turner Classic M...
Jean-Claude Delsart, a 50 years-old bailiff, wi...
Lachlan MacAldonich is a self-described “lazy S...
It is the summer of 1951. Lillian and Amund Wan...
Long time ago, there lived a man whose name was...
Bob Marley's universal appeal, impact on music ...
When a car hits young Victor's pet dog Sparky, ...
A retrospective documentary about the groundbre...
In LONG STORY SHORT, Colin Quinn focuses his ar...
This family drama is the sequel to director Hen...
A huge doping scandal erupted at the 2001 cross...
Found footage helps a true-crime novelist reali...
A documentary about the making of "To Kill a Mo...
Documentary recounting the life story of Louise...
An in-depth look at the making of this cult cla...
A raw urban drama about two friends raised on t...
Two Scotland Yard detectives (Nigel Patrick and...
An angel under the thumb of a ruthless gangster...
A sheriff sees his state senate bid slide out o...
Dracula, who operates a high-end resort away fr...
Filmed over the course of two years, Our City D...
Since the invention of cinema, the standard for...
A group of 30-year-olds who have been friends s...
A documentary on the making of Stanley Kubrick'...
Documentary about the production of The Third M...
The Behind-the-Scenes documentary of the dramat...
Historical Documentary from directors Shari Spr...
Doctor Who and his companions are hurled into t...
A dropout comes to the aid of a chubby and suic...
While investigating the theft of antiquities fr...
After receiving congratulations from the Home S...
Meet the Libner brothers: Marvin (Daniel Stern)...
The story of a family troupe of English actors ...
Tomás Tomás is a young yuppie playboy with a st...
Four 21st century treasure seekers are transpor...
A crook decides to bump off members of his inep...
A sharpshooter kills two prisoners in a police ...
Newlyweds Eric and Jenni Whitlock retire to his...
"Volumen" collects every video from Bjork's car...
Madame Tutli-Putli boards the Night Train, weig...
As the Iranian revolution reaches a boiling poi...
A struggling screenwriter inadvertently becomes...
A young woman's arrival sparks a surge of energ...
An adopted girl discovers her talent for butter...
The global economy is on the brink of collapse....
Ensemble film revolving around characters livin...
Newly single, 35, and uninspired by his job, Je...
The son of Torren learns of his heritage, goes ...
Ester is the perfect grandmother everyone expec...
A pair of lovers plot to kill the woman's rich ...
The tragic life and career of two-time Oscar wi...
The 2010 documentary Under the Boardwalk: The M...
Giant albino spiders break free from the depths...
The social anxiety of a morbidly shy Ecuadorian...
A look at the relationship between Marie Antoin...
Fall into puppy love with “the world’s worst do...
In the past 40 years, the War on Drugs has acco...
An examination of a failure of justice in Arkan...
Boogie Man is a comprehensive look at Lee Atwat...
The story follows a Roman architect named Luciu...
Although to the outside world he seems like the...
The collar awarded to the winners of the Meille...
Directed by Edward Dmytryk, The Reluctant Saint...
When an escaped circus gorilla appears to have ...
Red Riding Hood is training in the group of Sis...
Koreyoshi Kurahara adapted a novel by Yukio Mis...
Brian Dilks is an Office Drone. He spends his d...
The lives of three female assassins take a sudd...
Private detective Frank Cannon comes out of ret...
A family man -desperate for a job- latches onto...
A playwright who begins to mentally unravel bef...
Three students spend their holidays at the seas...
Anna flees her home, where she has been victimi...
At the end of the 15th century, two minstrels G...
Vilgot Sjöman (I Am Curious -- Yellow 1967) and...
Autobiography of Clint Eastwood up to his movie...
Before he went to camp, before he went to jail,...
Marcia always thought her overachieving daughte...
French artist and author Jean Giraud is one of ...
Unemployed and unemployable, Tony is a sympathe...
Follow filmmaker Jeremy Seifert and his circle ...
An alcoholic writer is visited by an incarnatio...
A juvenile delinquent gets out of the pen and i...
Romantic comedy. A small town teenager's angst ...
A story of two coalitions – ACT UP and TAG (Tre...
The action now takes place miles away from the ...
Four Sons is a 1940 film directed by Archie May...
Shahid Khan is exiled after impersonating the l...
In October 2009, the filmmakers went into an ab...
A young boy travels across Australia with his f...
As single mom Grace juggles work, bills, and he...
Asterix crosses the channel to help second-cous...
Richard Trevelyan (Richard Todd) was convicted ...
An 1890s New Orleans heiress tries to buy a mar...
When a cross-section of seven-year-olds were in...
Based on Adam Hochschild's critically acclaimed...
Bandleader Kay Kyser takes his troupe of nutty ...
A young woman’s passion forms the basis of this...
In April 1994, the middle-aged Canadian journal...
"WE ARE LEGION: The Story of the Hacktivists" t...
A man takes his family on a camping trip and be...
A family on a road trip is stalked by criminals...
Antoine Méliot is around 40 years old and has e...
It has been five years since the disappearance ...
One of the biggest Polish film premieres of 201...
Where the Boys Are '84 is a 1984 remake of the ...
Jon is 17. He lives in the midst of a claustrop...
In legendary Chen Village, everyone is a martia...
In The White Angel, Raffaello Matarazzo’s seque...
The spaceship AAB-Gamma is dispatched from FAFC...
After he flunks a fertility test, a man realize...
Radio talk show therapist Sonny Blake (Rose McG...
The Glamorous Life of Sachiko Hanai is a Pink F...
The grandchild of Professor James Moriarty had ...
A new student at a British public school forms ...
A young boy thinks he's got a lookalike around ...
Frank Bartlett has been tortured, embarrassed, ...
After Washington DC detective Alex Cross is tol...
This darkly comic, genre-bending piece of gonzo...
A set of six nested stories spanning time betwe...
A documentary insight behind the scenes of Robe...
A comprehensive look at the history of the Hell...
      Documentary about filmmaker Budd Boetticher.
What is meant to be a weekend party across the ...
In a frank and personal documentary, author Sir...
ReGeneration is a 2010 American documentary fil...
In Paris during WWII, an Algerian immigrant is ...
Director Alfred Hitchcock is revered as one of ...
This Ain't California is a celebration of the l...
A conversation with Steve Jobs as he was runnin...
A med student, a teenage runaway, a lawyer, a d...
Heather Mason and her father have been on the r...
A retrospective of the work of the late actor W...
Makoto and Yura Onoda are happy newlyweds but n...
After a high school track runner, named Laura, ...
The new "April Fool's" revolves around a party ...
Just before Christmas, department store clerk S...
A compelling drama that explores the different ...
Confirmed bachelor Paul falls for Iris, who’s u...
Stockholm East is the love story between two st...
A famous Danish artist and fashion photographer...
Twenty five years on, the original cast and cre...
PUMPING IRON II: THE WOMEN, a film that is chan...
A woman fights to convince the police that she ...
A young baseball pitcher in the bush leagues is...
Steelworker Chen has a passion for music and pl...
A woman in an unnamed, war-torn Middle Eastern ...
Hamoon's wife is leaving him. He is also unsucc...
Surfer Jay Moriarity sets out to ride the North...
In a time when America's economy was crumbling ...
A high school biology teacher moonlights as a m...
                                               NaN
Dr. David Stone is a scientist with a special i...
Documentary of the Swedish actor/director Victo...
A Las Vegas cab driver finds a million dollars ...
A former mob hitman, now in witness protection,...
A charismatic, crazy hothead transforms a famil...
Jackie Cogan is an enforcer hired to restore or...
It’s 1994: a 13-year-old boy disappears from hi...
The incredible story of the 1992 Lithuanian bas...
Though a childhood bout with polio left him dep...
One family's paranoid preparation for the year ...
A rare behind the scenes look at the tragedies ...
A documentary about the 1951 sci-fi film "The D...
Elderly schoolteacher Nora Trinell, waiting to ...
Dr. Matthew Clark is the head of a state instit...
When a container washes ashore the residents of...
After losing a submarine and fifty crew in a ba...
A scathing black comedy of embarrassment that c...
What Richard Did is a striking portrait of the ...
Flush with $3 million in counterfeit bills, a p...
Robbie and his girlfriend, Amy, are among a gro...
Kate and Charlie like to have a good time. Thei...
SPLINTERHEADS introduces Thomas Middleditch as ...
Seventeen-year-old Shirley (Katherine Waterston...
Jim Finn, follows a South Korean video artist i...
Wreck-It Ralph is the 9-foot-tall, 643-pound vi...
Two gamblers must leave New York City after one...
When Steve Mitchell is clandestinely sent to th...
British soldiers force a recently captured IRA ...
                                          Released
After spending eight months in a mental institu...
Commercial airline pilot Whip Whitaker has a pr...
Five broken cameras – and each one has a powerf...
Trapped in a loveless marriage, aristocrat Anna...
The story of an Indian boy named Pi, a zookeepe...
In an unusual move for a mere program picture, ...
Open war against humanity rages. For five survi...
Follows the story of 4 college football players...
In feudal China, a blacksmith who makes weapons...
Marina, Sofia and Violeta deal differently with...
Friends and co-workers recall the life of Clark...
Alienated teen Pauline struggles with the press...
Two men discover they were accidentally switche...
A freak tsunami traps shoppers at a coastal Aus...
When a nun broke her covenant with God to save ...
Julian Marsh is an out of work ladies' man who ...
A woman urges her daughter to get married. And ...
Wake in Fright is the story of John Grant, a bo...
Two determined mothers­, one a teacher, look to...
Two million fish washed ashore. One thousand bl...
A reluctant reunion of two estranged sisters. O...
After a young woman and her parents are murdere...
Dean Yoginder Vashisht, retired, has fallen gra...
Two characters: old and young; teacher and pupi...
A warped woman takes deadly measures to help a ...
Young farmer Paavo's wife dies in childbirth, a...
When a family of raccoons discover worms living...
Jack and Diane, two teenage girls, meet in New ...
When the beloved cellist of a world-renowned st...
2067: Isolation:  Japan seals herself off from ...
Vincent is a crooked cop whose drug heist goes ...
An engaged attorney and a divorcee fall for eac...
When tornadoes hit a nuclear power plant, criti...
An orphaned bear cub is adopted by little Emily...
Starting a new life in a quiet Pennsylvania tow...
The film is about the life of Aung San Suu Kyi ...
Twenty-three years after the release of the ori...
The story of a man (Andrey Sokolov) whose life ...
While shooting a documentary about all kinds of...
In the third installment of the football drama ...
A former thief frantically searches for his mis...
Georges and Anne are in their eighties. They ar...
The Los Angeles Times Critics' Pick Something’s...
Two teenagers and a group of people made homele...
Brooklyn Castle is a documentary about I.S. 318...
It's the beginning of the WWII. South of France...
In the Edo period, a nameless ronin accepts an ...
When Triad leader Hung's wife gives birth to a ...
A chilling tale based on a real event in which ...
Harry is a rich dentist who often brings women ...
Based on a story by the master of outrageous ho...
Jackass 3.5 is a 2011 sequel to Jackass 3D, com...
A young woman pretends to be pregnant in order ...
A gang of bank robbers team up with the residen...
While traveling for work in a city far from the...
Citadel tells the story of widower and single f...
Dangerous Liaisons is a Chinese film by Hur Jin...
An adventurer hunting for treasure in Greece ac...
Since his triumphant rise to power in the origi...
During a failed art heist, the Djinn is once ag...
Indie Game: The Movie is a feature documentary ...
Batman has not been seen for ten years. A new b...
The head of a giant European investment bank de...
Berlin, 1989. Sascha is a young East German bor...
For Tobe, a nerdy, horny, frizzy-haired cineast...
This one-man play stars Laurence Fishburne in h...
It's 1945, World War II. The Place, Okinawa. Th...
Doctor Kruger dreams to insert “the suicide in ...
A revealing drama that focuses on the 16th Pres...
Polar-opposite brothers Randy and Kirk never sa...
Middle aged George F. Babbitt is a leading citi...
Sarah's life is in pieces after the brutal deat...
Lucretia is a killer for hire. Specialised in p...
It is 1830 in Paris and the rent is due, but th...
A full-length adaptation, originally staged as ...
The modern-day story focuses on two beautiful y...
A charming but ruthless criminal holds the fami...
Child abuse, drug abuse, adolescent masturbatio...
Rebecca is suspicious of Ernessa, the new arriv...
An accidental murder brings two girls together ...
An investigative and powerfully emotional docum...
A shopkeeper takes God to court when his shop i...
Simon (Bruce Davison), a student at a fictional...
After the birth of Renesmee, the Cullens gather...
SHAKESPEARE HIGH is a feature-length documentar...
Silent comedy. A deja vu story of runaway young...
Thirty-something Hillary Burns has spent her li...
The film, set in 1912, is about the exploits of...
The film narrates a utopian abandonment, consen...
A man with learning difficulties suffers neglec...
A group of friends reunite ten years after thei...
Pete is a good guy who used to be cool. Once li...
A city in Washington state awakens to the surre...
There was once a young girl named May who felt ...
When an evil spirit known as Pitch lays down th...
Acclaimed director Stanley Kubrick's first film...
A rich, old counterfeiter is lured out of retir...
Set in Tokyo in 1940, the peaceful life of the ...
Feudal Japan, 1543 to 1562. Kansuke Yamamoto is...
On a flight to London, a note is found stating ...
                                               NaN
Norman is not just an admirer of nature, he's a...
                                               NaN
Once upon a time, somewhere... a homeless guy f...
Jack is a children's author turned crime noveli...
The film is a historical drama set during the r...
Bette Davis and Margaret Lindsay portray stepsi...
Two rivals (Jeff Chandler, Jack Palance) from a...
Something nasty is lurking inside a secure stor...
Tokio Baby is a story about 15-year-old Saara w...
A thriller that follows two siblings who decide...
A troubled and emotionally fragile woman finds ...
A farmer's widow takes on the land and her late...
Bob Brent, a young Marine from Arkansas, impres...
Ambrose C. Park, left on a park bench as an inf...
Abigail Chandler has written her stuffy Boston ...
Thomas Crimmins is a new warder, or guard, in a...
Best-selling novelist Kosaku Igami has made a c...
A conversation between Eric Rohmer and Barbet S...
Documentary featuring interviews with director ...
A documentary that follows up on what happened ...
After his young son dies from the negligience o...
Al Marsh, Tony Naylor and Jerry Ralby, Broadway...
Joe, inventor in an American Small town of 1895...
A photographer falls for a rich girl and gets m...
Masha Drokova is a rising star in Russia’s popu...
A Danish crew of misfits travel to Saturn in se...
Two mysterious women seek refuge in a run-down ...
Failed writer Ray Wyatt is ready to take his ow...
Kathleen Turner stars as suburban mother and de...
Set against the backdrop of a UNSC military aca...
Emily arrives in Miami with aspirations to beco...
Pirdy is accident prone. He has been denied ins...
Political party leader David Holst, one of Swed...
Two friends in Mexico discover the Lament Confi...
Film historians examines the making of the 1938...
Natsumi Rokudou, a spunky 10 year old girl from...
An overview of the making of Terrence Malick's ...
Scientists try to stop a mysterious missile fro...
After receiving a mysterious demonic African ma...
A woman uncovers deadly secrets when she visits...
Imaginaerum tells the story of an elderly compo...
In the morning of April 5, 2004, the greatest b...
                                               NaN
A documentary about the circumstances during a ...
    A documentary about filmmaker Budd Boetticher.
A documentary about The Spirit of the Beehive f...
Peter Lawford hosts this documentary taking a l...
Our Town is a three-act play by American playwr...
A girl from the wrong side of the tracks is tor...
This ensemble comedy follows the Pullham Univer...
Rebecca's Uncle Harry leaves her with Aunt Mira...
Largely considered to be the greatest American ...
THE SPIRIT MOLECULE weaves an account of Dr. Ri...
A comedy that follows two high school students ...
Paul reflects on the summer he met Angèle and F...
After a brief encounter with the romantic and t...
Dinah Sheldon is a student at an exclusive girl...
Eddie Ellison is an ex-con who spent time in Si...
Prospero, the true Duke of Milan is now living ...
A brother and sister escape from Japanese-occup...
Mi Wey is a local hero named after "Killer Mete...
Little Mute is an orphan traumatized into silen...
When a young man's village is destroyed by a ba...
Six people travel by train overnight from Marse...
One-time gangster Antoine is enjoying retiremen...
Delightful French comedy about a talented socce...
In this unearthed lost movie from 1990 that the...
In 1914 on a family estate, Oda helps a wounded...
Two brothers are trying to find out the truth f...
An urban office worker finds that paper airplan...
Young master Cao Le chases his pregnant girlfri...
Chan is asked by a young, wealthy lady to take ...
Jackie Chan is a youngster, living in a remote ...
A dishonored student of the Dragon Fist Sect se...
A young daydreamer  assumes the identity of a d...
Herve is a star in the porn industry. Exhausted...
                                               NaN
The film is a sub-story to Kirikou and the Sorc...
For more than 100 years, the Statue of Liberty ...
Two cunning and manipulative drifters venture i...
The “Great East River Bridge” was the largest b...
Alex Manning and her friends decide to visit th...
Born into poverty, young Jude refuses to accept...
'The Final RIOT!' is a live CD and DVD that doc...
Decorated Vietnam hero Frank Vega returns home ...
Martin Freeman is lovelorn teacher Mr Maddens, ...
The original traditional one-hundred-percent re...
A smart, uptight attorney and a disorganized ye...
Similar to "The Dirty Dozen" or one of that nat...
A pair of evil kung-fu artists, Heaven and Eart...
A cop turns vigilante after his family is murde...
A group of passengers plot their escape off a h...
A conservative lawyer named Diane takes her two...
More than two decades after catapulting to star...
Fresh out of prison, all Ray wants is to get ba...
From Diego Luna and Alejandro Fernandez, to Car...
Hitchcock follows the relationship between dire...
Winner of the Golden Bear at the 2012 Berlin Fi...
A U.S. Air Force officer tries to stop a murder...
1940: During the chaotic running fights of the ...
The secrets about unlocking the mysteries of co...
In the fall of 1963, Anne is becoming a teenage...
                                               NaN
The story is set in 1963 in Yokohama. Kokuriko ...
The most dangerous and exciting car race in the...
A prospective bride and groom have misadventure...
Penny helps her idealistic architect father get...
Kathleen is a 12 year old who lives in a big ho...
A group of young police officers infiltrate a s...
Documentary about the career of actress Louise ...
The daily life of a group of women in an old ag...
Five children save the life of a dog-like alien...
Five friends are released from prison and do th...
Barry Munday, a libido-driven wage slave who sp...
Allide experienced The Great Terror under Stali...
Sang-Joon is a professor in the film department...
Two Hong-Kong cops are sent to Tokyo to catch a...
The third installment in the Lucky Stars series...
An undercover police officer must prove that a ...
                                               NaN
Having gone to ground for two years, Cobra come...
When they realize the times are changing, five ...
A miracle occurs for a homeless family consisti...
                                   Black and White
At the beginning of the 20th century, China is ...
Jackie Chan is the undefeated Kung Fu Master wh...
The Tang emperor is betrayed by one of his gene...
Two rivaling families live on opposite sides of...
If Carol Channing didn't exist, no one could ha...
Dr. Taylor Biggs is haunted by a past that's no...
Jet Li weasels out of the north Shaolin temple ...
A seemingly-harmless snow globe unleashes a dev...
A southern aristocrat clashes with a driver tra...
A survey of the musical form's history and majo...
It is the summer of 1980 in East Germany and, a...
John Cleese, Michael Palin, Terry Jones and Ter...
An orphan is provisionally adopted by the manag...
A poor girl falls for a wealthy young man. He i...
A middle-aged genius goes to college for the fi...
Bilbo Baggins, a hobbit enjoying his quiet life...
A portrait of five St. Petersburgians and their...
       Film about the making of the film Hardware.
How does the process of film-making—like a huge...
Jet, a young soldier at the end of the second w...
Jimmy and Tiger are members of the Chinese nati...
Uncle Tak is famous for using Chinese herbal me...
A wild and rollicking martial arts fantasy extr...
The siblings of the Fitzgerald family must deci...
The story of the love affair between FDR and hi...
A former stripper's talent with numbers lands h...
Two closely related episodes. Youths make probl...
Two rival Medieval shows vie for supremacy in t...
A native-American lacrosse team makes its way t...
An undercover cop struggling to provide for his...
A serial adventure writer with problems in his ...
So goes to the U.S. to open a martial arts scho...
Financially troubled, a newbie hitman reluctant...
Chow Yun-Fat and Danny Lee star in this police ...
Paris, 1830. Valentin loses himself in alcohol,...
Two men, fortyish, worn out by their wives, aba...
When Andy hears his girlfriend Lauren sigh afte...
WINTER is a dangerous, sexy, poignant and at ti...
A portrait of famed Chilean singer and folklori...
Dissidents in a French colony attack a police s...
A young mother Nina and her son Enzo find thems...
An in-depth analysis of the relationship betwee...
Follows the life and work of animator Lotte Rei...
An in-depth look at the genesis, production, an...
The sequel to "Yossi and Jagger" finds characte...
With this movie, Aurélien Gerbault invites us t...
Now in his sixties, Joe is released from the ho...
Two men, Yun-Fat Chow and Kenny Bee, are both m...
A wealthy young Hebrew traveling in Damascus re...
An ex-Navy SEAL, Michael Adams, (Matthew Reese)...
He is cute. He's shrewd. The girls love him. Th...
Federico Fellini was one of the most individual...
A chronicle of the decade-long hunt for al-Qaed...
Life in a middle-class neighbourhood in present...
Nearly 15 years in the making, Chris Sullivan's...
When National Geographic photographer James Bal...
After becoming infected with the virus that kil...
A group of people are standing along the platfo...
As the daring thief Arsène Lupin (Duris) ransac...
Three half-brothers are reunited at their mothe...
Two technicians battle a vengeful spirit that h...
Slackers who live for free in a rock star's man...
An aged, wealthy trader plots with his servant ...
Filming Othello is a 1978 documentary film dire...
Rookie movie director Koichi and his crew trave...
A fireman takes an unexpected course of action ...
After a zombie becomes involved with the girlfr...
Helen and Luella are just another typical God-f...
The hero, Hyakkimaru is a wandering "demon hunt...
A documentary chronicling the rise of art as a ...
A group of cooks at an asylum for the criminall...
With the ambition to start a boutique overseas ...
The life of four best friends in Paris: Antoine...
Dolph Springer wakes up one morning to realize ...
Daniela, raised in the bosom of a strict Evange...
Based on Thomas Hardy’s classic novel Tess of t...
Based on the Tangshan Earthquake in 1976 that t...
A serial killer kidnaps a young boy after murde...
Musical dancer on the way out (at 36) Paula McF...
When she is slightly hurt in the factory where ...
Sixties couples Michael and Donna and Paul and ...
Indifferent even to the prospects of inheriting...
7 Khoon Maaf movie is a romantic misadventures ...
A woman who finds a pair of pink high heels on ...
Baron von Sepper is an Austrian aristocrat note...
Don Middleton is so caught up with his work he ...
A former sports star who's fallen on hard times...
Cossetted and bored, Barbara Barry is finally s...
Jérôme and Benjamin are two young skateboarders...
One day, apathetic high school student Yosuke m...
Rock concert at the famous Red Rocks featuring ...
An inventor and his mom hit the road together s...
Newly-married Rebecca leaves her husband's Alsa...
After breaking up with her boyfriend, a booksto...
In an innocent heartland city, five are shot de...
With the help of a German bounty hunter, a free...
Pete and Debbie are both about to turn 40, thei...
A demon torments the family and friends of Anit...
When a motorbike gang kills an occultist, the e...
A social misfit, Willard is made fun of by his ...
An inexperienced young actress is invited to pl...
Ohyaku is a grifter who falls in love with a th...
Poor Gregory, after being released from the Wis...
An original story featuring performances by Cir...
In December 2004, close-knit family Maria, Henr...
Director Joseph Mankiewicz's first work for tel...
An adaptation of the successful stage musical b...
Lise Cohen is taken to a special prisoner-of-wa...
A teenager in Echo Park deals with the loss of ...
Unsuccessful singing bullfighter Juan arrives i...
After being struck and killed by lightning, a y...
Follow Markus "Notch" Persson and his co-worker...
A young teenager travels to Florida, unknowing ...
Anthology of famous, scary urban legends done w...
Audie Murphy is again the kid who puts on a bad...
Aziz Ansari presents his highly anticipated deb...
Set in suburban New Jersey in the 1960s, a grou...
The directorial debut of Dustin Hoffman, Quarte...
The police force of a remote Midwestern town se...
A young governess, Ann, is sent to a country ho...
                                No overview found.
Oulage has it all planned: New Year's eve, at t...
Humorist Robert Benchley attempts to find Walt ...
Marine officer Alexandra is tough enough to kic...
When a high school senior is dumped by her boyf...
A fairy tale and satire about a wealthy industr...
In this zany Czechoslovakian comedy, a scientis...
When nuclear weapons are smuggled into America,...
President Franklin Roosevelt appoints a theatri...
Chin-Ching gets lost in Shanghai and is befrien...
This classic family drama stars Shirley Temple ...
A coming-of-age story set during China's Cultur...
Ninth is a promising young rapper whose reputat...
Youssef, a blind university professor, is sudde...
Desperate to help her ailing brother, a young w...
A documentary about a man who impersonates a wi...
Oscar François de Jarjayes was born female, but...
Mary Hagen lives in a small town in Ohio and go...
Danni Hartford, party planner to the King famil...
When former black ops operative Tom Steele and ...
In a Sydney suburb, two nurses, Maria and Flora...
After being bestowed with demonic powers follow...
Scientists at a secret underground complex have...
Marines on a deserted island are ordered to dis...
A gallerist risks her family and flourishing ca...
Millionaire Victor Danemore, living on the Fren...
A story of the impossible love between one of t...
Filmmakers Joe Barber and Mary Patel examine th...
Henry and Jack are two famous and talented pian...
In this hour and a half special, writer/directo...
Slipstream is a 1989 post-apocalyptic science f...
The story of a family that suffers a tragedy, b...
Eleven moving dates, eight friends: Philipp, Wi...
A ne er-do-well thirty-something (Melissa Joan ...
Mitchie can't wait to go back to Camp Rock and ...
In order to win the Street Dance Championships,...
Two mercenaries help wandering caravans fight o...
James is useless with women, but his luck chang...
In the near future, the company, "Menzana" succ...
Against the ardent wishes of his wife, eleven-y...
In the year 2011, historian Raimo Lappalainen w...
                                               NaN
The Swedish summer is on and Göran, recently du...
A train dispatcher encounters a mute stranger w...
While Havana is full of zombies hungry for huma...
Artie and Diane agree to look after their three...
Sexy Baby is the first documentary film to put ...
When Curtis Snow steals a video camera from som...
A new drug promises out-of-body experiences, bu...
This incisive documentary profiles trend-settin...
Born to Be Wild observes various orphaned jungl...
A golddigging femme fatale leaves a trail of me...
A glowing, prismatic portrait of the rise and f...
Trek Nation is a documentary film directed by S...
Sun Kissed tells the story of Dorey and Yolanda...
After a lifetime of hiding, Chely Wright become...
In 1989, five black and Latino teenagers from H...
Arkin escapes with his life from the vicious gr...
Remake of a hit film from 1990, "The Cherry Orc...
Chronicles the adventures of Franklin Delano Ro...
Masked vigilantes Charge (Jason Trost), Cutthro...
  Part one of a BBC documentary about Jean Renoir.
While filming a documentary in Mississippi in 1...
Girl Walk // All Day is a feature-length dance ...
Rubén is a middle-aged Argentinian truck driver...
Based on the true story of a modern-day witch h...
Secret agent Drew Stargrove is brutally murdere...
During the summer of 1999, a group of teenagers...
Documentary about the life of skateboarder Dann...
Set during the Burma Campaign of World War 2, t...
Wendy Ballantine's parents decide to retire fro...
                                               NaN
                                               NaN
With gun-toting rivals on his tail, a daring ba...
Wealthy thrill-seekers pay huge premiums to hav...
Former legendary assassin Kenshin Himura has no...
The scene is set during the French Restoration ...
Thomas Jacobs invents a way to watch people's m...
After a long and unsuccessful period trying to ...
From America's greatest beardsman, to Morgan Sp...
Victor Hugo's monumental novel Les Miserables h...
Jean Valjean, a Frenchman of good character, ha...
Runyonesque busboy Little Pinks (Henry Fonda) h...
The True Meaning of Christmas Specials is a Can...
A documentary about the 1944 mass escape from t...
Kenji Mizoguchi: The Life of a Film Director (A...
”Cornelis” is the unique chronicle about one of...
A salesman for a natural gas company experience...
Like most kids, Ned idolized his father and dre...
Justice needs to be served at Britain's most no...
                                               NaN
Young Timmy starts as a window cleaner in the l...
Harold Pelham, a partner in a large electronics...
For as long as she could remember, Dakota Skye ...
A strangler known as the Kenbourne Killer has b...
After he loses his high-paying job, Dory takes ...
A quirk in time and space gives a failed filmma...
Either you've got it or you haven't - some like...
Romeo and Juliet has never been more provocativ...
A recently outed soap opera actor crosses paths...
Director James Fox assembled the most credible ...
Based on the '70s UK TV show, The Sweeney is an...
English Vinglish is the story of a woman who do...
A rock band writes a song called "Fish Story" b...
The aggravatingly amiable star of "Full House,"...
Term-time ends at Acme Looniversity and the Tin...
R. Kelly wakes up in a married woman’s bed, and...
Elia Kazan directs Spencer Tracy and Katharine ...
Bill, Martha and their little child Hal are spe...
During a winter storm, Ursus offers shelter to ...
A charming, suicidal druggie must obey his reha...
When the others leave for the night, the last m...
Fragmentos de um Filme-Esmola: A Sagrada Famíli...
Manuel is a young boy who travels from long ago...
A young Eastern European immigrant working in S...
A human story about a socially responsible comp...
The story throws Elvis impersonators, Indians, ...
In the jungles of Ecuador, blood taints the wat...
Not your usual film biography, A Conversation W...
Objectively, Odette Toulemonde has nothing to b...
Every foot of film is authentic German footage ...
In London, a drug dealer grows increasingly des...
MOW about the life of Lucille Ball, focusing on...
Every spring, Hollywood hosts a very species-sp...
Beautiful Katie Lapp has always felt something ...
Stenographers at a department store office are ...
Henry Harper is a successful novelist who has i...
A young woman learns that she has inherited a T...
Raymond Saxx Jr., a powerful record producer, w...
Jennifer Carpenter, Kristen Connolly and Alexan...
Los Angeles, 1949. Ruthless, Brooklyn-born mob ...
Chulbul Pandey is transferred and promoted to K...
Writer Claire Holloway is troubled by nightmare...
A couple come into contact with stolen mob mone...
A pair of mismatched rock climbers must learn t...
The mighty warrior, Kain, crosses the barren wa...
A former Weather Underground activist goes on t...
35-year-old Morris Bliss (Michael C. Hall) is c...
After twenty years in prison, Foley is finished...
I Got Next" is a documentary on the fighting ga...
The true story of Richard Kuklinski, the notori...
It's 1975, and Martin is a teenager looking to ...
Deranged projectionist Mad Ron shows a movie th...
The Tactical Neutralization Team, or T.N.T., is...
What happens when western anthropologists desce...
Bill struggles to put together his shattered ps...
In high school, Matt and Ryan were best friends...
A spoof of all the "found-footage/documentary s...
In lawless storm ravaged New Orleans, eleaguere...
From the Irish countryside to London to New Yor...
Tells several stories of prostitution around th...
The 60's, Romania. Serafim, a young doctor, is ...
An escaped convict and a woman ponder what to d...
Young-Chan comes from planet of snail where dea...
The Waiting Room is a character-driven document...
Ginger Baker is known for playing in Cream and ...
Batman has stopped the reign of terror that The...
A New York City drug dealer decides to get out ...
A drama centered on the friendship between two ...
The Kingdom of the People of the Vale once rule...
The Kingdom of the People of the Vale once rule...
When a small Utah-based edited movie company is...
The Unloved is film that gives a child's eye vi...
A happy little potter is approached by a huge h...
                   Documentary about Paul Williams
A drama set at a Swiss ski resort and centered ...
Academy Award®–winning documentary filmmaker Al...
A new feature documentary from Metro-Goldwyn-Ma...
A young Cheyenne warrior, who goes by the name ...
The adventures of lesbian space aliens on the p...
Stuck with a feeble sports department, college ...
Jesse Stone is a former L.A. homicide detective...
Small-time police chief and struggling alcoholi...
When Police Chief Jesse Stone's relationship wi...
A young Russian woman, smuggled into America by...
Police Chief Jesse Stone, who was suspended by ...
Jesse investigates the suspicious death of a yo...
Jesse finds himself struggling to get his job b...
This intimate and loving portrait of the legend...
A Mexican boy smuggles himself to Brooklyn to m...
Milarepa depicts the humble beginnings of the m...
                                               NaN
Utrikesreportern Morgan Pålsson och hans fotogr...
The Côte d’Azur. 1915. In his twilight years, P...
Myung-sin, who has become a pirate, lives with ...
Ray Owens is sheriff of the quiet US border tow...
Guillermo del Toro presents Mama, a supernatura...
Jonas Bechmann, a defense attorney, is a man of...
A man and woman are drawn together, entangled i...
Two sailors are leaving the US Navy after 10 ye...
Linh (Nammi Le) is a Vietnamese Australian univ...
What made more money than the entire American m...
A prison inmate escapes from his wrecked penite...
A pair of investigators team up with a Special ...
Documentary about the life and work of film dir...
A scheming wife lures an insurance investigator...
A reconstruction, made from still photographs, ...
In a broken city rife with injustice, ex-cop Bi...
Set in New York City, the epicenter of a phenom...
Four stories, humorous, romantic or dramatic, a...
A corrupted customs officer, Choi Ik-hyeon, fac...
A look at the lives of two teenage girls - inse...
No one knows why the army base was blown up unt...
The film follows the artist as she prepares for...
A young writer recounts an earlier romance in h...
Set in 1990s Belfast, a woman is forced to betr...
Norwegian folklore turns out to be real when Le...
Four couples meet for Sunday brunch only to dis...
The Louisiana wedding of debutante Phoebe Ann N...
An account of the rise and fall of a silent fil...
The Bowery Boys: In order to be able to get the...
A female Secret Service agent goes against prot...
The story of the credit bubble that  caused the...
In February 1942 Us forces engaged an unidentif...
When doctors diagnosed 19-year-old rock star Ja...
A horror film based on a real-life mass murder ...
An emotionally and sexually charged journey thr...
Raised in the Tennessee mountains, Wayne White ...
Despite a lack of obvious similarities between ...
This film is released as part of the ongoing 50...
'Middle of Nowhere' follows a woman named Ruby ...
Rembrandt Macy (Tom Berenger) is a maverick cop...
Opposing his commanding officer's decision to a...
On the east side of the island, rugged mountain...
In the summer of 1991 an elderly woman Ghislain...
                              American Documentary
When his mom deposits him at the Red Hook housi...
Stella Maris is a beautiful, crippled girl, who...
Six people, each of them is on the road to self...
Na-mi, a transfer student, becomes a laughingst...
Inspired by a true story. Jun Shik works for Ta...
A veteran chef faces off against his restaurant...
A satirical songwriter comes to Los Angeles and...
FOREST TALE is a family film unique Finnish for...
Fiona Wagner, a journalism student, tracks a co...
The first independent film to emerge from the f...
Two men exploring the Louisiana swamps run into...
The story is an odyssey of a little man through...
The film is composed of multiple comedy shorts ...
Richard Kuklinski was a devoted husband, loving...
Angela, the universe's most unpleasant party cr...
Story of the assassination of Reinhard Heydrich...
Carl Lucas / Frankenstein has won four of his r...
Crump directed the feature-length documentary f...
A visual essay on the forgotten parts of Easter...
Jean Remy is a Haitian man struggling to find e...
Ten years ago, distinguished French author Alex...
Philosopher Slavoj Žižek and filmmaker Sophie F...
A thief with a unique code of professional ethi...
In Los Angeles, five high-school friends deal w...
The relationship between a middle-aged man (And...
A middle aged man, Tom, walks out one day on hi...
Mark is a struggling actor stuck between the li...
"I would like the film to answer the need for c...
A mage steals a book from a stranger and become...
JR has broken up with her professor. She enlist...
                                               NaN
Chris wants to show girlfriend Tina his world, ...
Mikako is a young junior high school teacher wh...
After getting a taste for blood as children, Ha...
"Kon-Tiki" was the name of a wooden raft used b...
Murder By Proxy: How America Went Postal is a d...
Documentary examining what happens to some of t...
In 17th-century France, beautiful country maide...
When a group of archaeologists dig up a human s...
Young-goo the son of mafia boss Don Carini, is ...
“Portrait of Wally”, Egon Schiele’s tender pict...
An unlikely friendship forms between 21 year-ol...
Olof Palme was openly shot to death on a Februa...
The poor may always have been with us, but atti...
Ironclads is a 1991 made-for-television movie p...
There's something magical about an Australian a...
Directed by Peter Bogdanovich and packed with r...
A group of American executives making a film ab...
Hideo Aiba (Atsuji Ninomiya) is a reserved and ...
Godzilla's 12th film. After a accepting a job a...
Contemporary rethinking of the legendary Broadw...
100 Days. 100 gritty souls. 100 wild mustangs. ...
God Save My Shoes is the first documentary film...
When a college piano prodigy tries to check his...
Inspector Holloway is investigating a series of...
During the Korean War, Italian nurse Virna Lisi...
Paul Exben is a success story – partner in one ...
A woman with a disfigured face, which is reflec...
An operative for an elite private intelligence ...
This is an epic tale of two gangs, like The Jet...
Love presents many challenges to couples...but ...
A director is filming on location in a house wh...
The Karlsson Brothers is a "confusion" comedy a...
Timothy Lea and his brother-in-law Sidney decid...
Timmy Lea and his brother-in-law Sidney Noggett...
Set during the Iraq-Iran war in the 80s, the fi...
In the quiet foothills of Turkey, Faik lives an...
This twisted Iranian narrative follows a myster...
Day Is Done becomes a poetic but also wryly hum...
A marriage (Jose Luis Lopez Vazquez and Morales...
Year 1977, a September morning in Ankara... Yil...
A black and white silent movie, based on the Sn...
Back from a tour of duty, Kelli struggles to fi...
When Pilar's befriended neighbour Aurora dies, ...
Former football player and wrestler Chris Nowin...
Breast cancer has become the poster child of co...
Two top baseball prospects in the Dominican Rep...
                                               NaN
The story Peter is telling the about a special ...
The film has been ten years in the making, and ...
Follows four friends in their quest to form a p...
In an alternate universe where twinned worlds h...
When 19-year-old Adam agrees to do a day's driv...
A killer is released from prison and breaks int...
An African-American prison psychiatrist (Sidney...
A group of teens decides to spend the weekend o...
After working as an undercover in a triad for 8...
Bingo leads a carefree city life that revolves ...
When three redneck brothers agree to help a wom...
Over the course of one day, a shy 13-year-old f...
After serving 28 years in prison for accidental...
An ageing punk-with-a-dog and his brother the c...
Kukuli, a young llama herder, leaves her grandp...
Adapted from Abdel Rahman Al-Sharqawi's well-kn...
Chouga is a beautiful, rich and beloved young w...
After being abandoned for eight straight years ...
A Life Apart: Hasidism in America, is the first...
The story of Professor Stephen Hawking's early ...
In 1988, Chilean military dictator Augusto Pino...
Pompous and self-absorbed Kyle, is unhappily st...
A girl dying of leukemia compiles a list of thi...
Sequel to the 2009 mezzo-mezzo supernatural hor...
 Gay men and their pursuit of physical perfection.
A zombie attack brings chaos to Harvardville Ai...
In Uganda, a new bill threatens to make homosex...
A penniless pregnant woman takes over the ident...
An overweight teenager girl struggles to be soc...
Kicki has after several years abroad returned t...
A woman turns to prescription medication as a w...
A Canadian-Brith film adaptation of Salman Rush...
A wrongdoer is caught red-handed and he is not ...
When a mild-mannered businessman learns his ide...
Two complete strangers, ANNA and STEPHEN, are b...
Dan and Gretchen, a couple with a secretive pas...
An ambitious anthology film featuring segments ...
The film follows Sanna, who sets out to documen...
A Japanese assassin stranded in Taiwan must tak...
F*** Off! shows no false respect towards the au...
U.S. federal agent Leon S. Kennedy sneaks into ...
A French special op suffers an existential cris...
Fuke visits his uncle Idriz and aunt Sabira to ...
When a merciless bear poacher is caught and arr...
Peter is the dark brooding type. Leading a vacu...
A crazed scientist experimenting with a rage vi...
In the early to mid '90s, when the South Africa...
In an unprecedented and candid series of interv...
Charles Swan III, a successful graphic designer...
After her Nazi parents are imprisoned, Lore lea...
Seven policemen, seven deadly sins, a murder ca...
Bill O'Reilly, Jon Stewart, 2 podiums,1 air-con...
Scientists mount an expedition to find a Bigfoo...
HBO documentary about interviews with conservat...
Captain Mack leads an elite military unit on a ...
CIA agent Marcus (Snipes) is sent undercover to...
In Dublin, a working class family has been unsu...
Heironymus Merkin screens an autobiographical m...
A famous fashion photographer is trapped in a r...
Asian Hawk (Jackie Chan) leads a mercenary team...
Four children in their attic hideaway make up a...
A feel-good, heart-warming story about how musi...
Ethan Wate just wants to get to know Lena Ducha...
When Elsa's three mischievious cubs begin wreak...
Sgt. Mike Kincaid of the French Foreign Legion ...
On a night of despair after being turned down c...
The film centers on a fight promoter (Mark Feue...
Iconoclastic, take-no-prisoners cop John McClan...
A physician is employed by an attorney, played ...
Monte Walsh and Chet Rollins are long-time cowh...
Brilliant student Jeff Chang has the most impor...
Skazka Skazok (Tale of Tales) is a 27-minute an...
Set in a leper colony in the north of Iran, The...
Seemingly at random, the wings and other bits o...
Somewhere in Sub-Saharan Africa, Komona a 14-ye...
Moving between two extremes - the intimate veri...
This film recounts the murder of Vincent Chin, ...
A young woman with a mysterious past lands in S...
A journalist tries to balance the duties of mar...
With Herzog's direction, Richard Thompson leads...
A film profiling the unusual cross-demographic ...
Frozen Planet takes you on the ultimate polar e...
In a place where killers are celebrated as hero...
Unscrupulous Chicago janitor Paul Kroll uses de...
A rich young Japanese man (Rikiya Kurokawa) tra...
In Knohult things havn't changed much. Eulalia ...
The digital revolution of the last decade has u...
Dozens of American cargos with high valuable go...
Captain Foster plans on raiding German-occupied...
Morris Mishkin is a elderly religious Jew in Ne...
In a world without government, the surviving Un...
A subjective documentary that explores various ...
An experimental film, the last in Peter Kubelka...
This is the day when the lives of an intertwine...
Part comedian, part madman magician The Amazing...
Chandler, a con-man, and his helper Frank decid...
Documentary about Ben Wilson, a good-natured an...
Five teenage girls with a shared secret get tog...
Astronaut Scorch Supernova finds himself caught...
The almost entirely true story of Abraham Linco...
In this special, Patton Oswalt expresses his th...
Rachel is a girl, adopted by an upper middle cl...
               Adaptation of Arthur Miller's play.
Just before the Salem Witch Trials, an embitter...
Film Noir burrows into the mind; it's disorient...
One morning, the late Karlheinz Stockhausen awo...
Breaking the Surface is about the tough times G...
Selling the Silence is a creative documentary f...
We meet Jesse and Celine nine years on in Greec...
A man's (Hugh Laurie) affair with his friend's ...
Dive head-first into the world of independent p...
Isabel is a dead vampire and witch whose body i...
Video game developer Clayton Software enlists t...
"Which Way Home" is a feature documentary film ...
A female superstar struggles through the trials...
A distant Federation outpost Fort Casey comes u...
Lucifer Rising is a short film by director Kenn...
Ten years after the Black Death devastated the ...
Construction company owner John Matthews learns...
Juha is a sales manager of a refrigerator compa...
Tuula's husband Jukka takes care of all domesti...
The head of an elite Hong Kong surveillance uni...
TPB AFK is a documentary about three computer a...
Antonis arrives at a hotel resort by the sea. I...
In the war-zones of Liberia and Congo, four vol...
From the producers of Paranormal Activity, Insi...
An autistic 15-year-old boy steals money from h...
Based on the true story Park Kyung-Won, one of ...
Empty Nest tells the story of a couple who have...
A documentary on three men who claim to be the ...
Marie Krøyer is hailed as “the most beautiful w...
A fateful day pushes an aimless college dropout...
In a world plagued by demons who cause great hu...
Take one Muslim advocate for global jihad and p...
The public was not given all of the facts surro...
The story of Martha Moxley, 15 year old girl mu...
A supernatural, maniac killer cop teams up with...
Henrickson plays Frank Morgan, a notorious and ...
Bruce Conner's landmark experimental film consi...
For the arch-criminal Fantômas, no crime is too...
At a morgue, forensic pathologists conduct auto...
The documentary director KG Forsberg makes a fi...
The history of the comic book superhero, Superm...
A documentary film about the three remaining ge...
Absent-minded yet cultured, Pierre answers his ...
The son of a ruined millionaire and a horsewoma...
This anthology film from Étaix’s peak period pr...
The story of an ancient war that is reignited w...
Tens of millennia ago, eight gods who ceaseless...
As Nell Sweetzer tries to build a new life afte...
In 1948, Lenny Bruce was just another comic who...
A young American serviceman stationed in German...
Prime numbers are divisible only by one and the...
Wadjda is a 10-year-old girl living in a suburb...
Horst receives the monthly pension from his gra...
Washington Irving's tale of Ichabod Crane and t...
Framed for crimes against the country, the G.I....
Mia (Ruth Vega Fernandez) and Frida (Liv Mjönes...
A pair of women leave their small town and dud ...
After India's father dies, her Uncle Charlie, w...
The haunted Captain of a Soviet submarine holds...
The fictional tale of the murderous 19th centur...
Pierre married Florence, the only daughter of a...
The history of Sound City and their huge record...
Oscar Diggs, a small-time circus illusionist an...
The life of a young computer systems analyst is...
Andy and Thelma, an urbanite couple living in M...
What begins for Chode and crew as a routine mis...
Fog City Mavericks: The Filmmakers of San Franc...
In New York City, a crime lord's right-hand man...
The Croods is a prehistoric comedy adventure th...
Pierre Etaix’s most radical film, and perhaps u...
A group of rank-and-file Japanese soldiers are ...
A talent scout moves sharply, dead-set on signi...
Bruno wakes up in bed next to Caroline, his lon...
This feature-length documentary follows a group...
An inside look at polygamist teens who have bec...
Participant Media’s Last Call at the Oasis is a...
Simon Sachs, a terminally ill ten year old boy,...
In the late 18th century, two newlyweds move in...
A road trip comedy about three friends who trav...
Family adventure based on Mary Norton's classic...
In 1966, Deann Borshay Liem was adopted by an A...
The Secret Service attempts to prevent an elabo...
Age of the Dragons is an adaptation of Herman M...
On the run again, Dr. David Banner is jailed fo...
Set in 1958, Populaire focuses on Rose Pamphyle...
CENTRAL PARK is a film about the famous New Yor...
On his deathbed, a wealthy businessman announce...
            A satirical look at modern technology.
A World War II veteran wants to return to adver...
As the Japanese surrender at the end of WWII, G...
13-year-old Sinikka vanishes on a hot summer ni...
A young Texan mother who loses her child to fos...
This is the story of the shy Mongol boy Temujin...
Why do women fight? This riveting behind-the-sc...
Set aboard a hulking fishing vessel as it navig...
A character-driven, action-packed documentary a...
Nine people are stuck in an elevator. One of th...
In an attempt to help his friend with his impot...
Both detectives on a sickening murder case stru...
An aging Southern Belle makes life horrible for...
Nick Carraway, a young Midwesterner now living ...
"When Prince William experienced a major buildi...
A young rock &amp; roll hopeful is given a shot...
Three people driving into Los Angeles for a Dod...
Jasna, a beautiful teenager, leads a crude life...
'What kind of house does a man who has been imp...
In a time when "The West" pretty much ends in T...
A stranger with a haunted past shows up unannou...
Recounting the absurd and paradoxical history o...
High school senior Tara is so painfully shy tha...
Jessica Olsen goes to Los Angeles with nothing ...
Dylan Schoenfield is the pink princess of the u...
A boy and a girl, both teenagers, want to get a...
A couple and their young son retreat to their w...
After a quick courtship, two lovers hastily dec...
After breaking up with his longtime stage partn...
After four college girls rob a restaurant to fu...
Summer 1995. With the arrival of the "Age of Ca...
Detective Kouichi Todome -- head of the elite K...
                                               NaN
When ambitious New York attorney Sam is sent to...
The film is an ensemble comedy written and dire...
In this lively Spanish-Argentine comic fantasy,...
After a harrowing snowmobile accident, a young ...
A bizarre family reunion turns deadly when thre...
Two psychologist try to demonstrate that a man ...
Weatherman from a TV network goes back to his h...
Czechoslovakia, 1942. Three brave Czech patriot...
A made-for-TV dramatization of George Washingto...
A tribute to a living legend, celebrating the l...
Stolen Seas presents a chilling exploration of ...
A botanical expedition to the Himalayas capture...
In this made for TV film, an enormous and angry...
Based on Kelly McMasters’s memoir about growing...
Year 1977. Punk and new wave rock´n roll has ar...
Through unprecedented backstage access and cand...
An Earthman returns to the planet Gor, and figh...
Jordan Turner is an experienced 911 operator bu...
When the White House (Secret Service Code: "Oly...
                     From the John Steinbeck book.
While prosecuting a physician for the death of ...
A no-nonsense cop has a flair for fashion and a...
Filmed over a decade, Brief Encounters follows ...
A team of softball players get lost in the wood...
Haunted by the murder of her politician husband...
During the 1920s, many impoverished Jews search...
Silent film master D.W. Griffith's first talkie...
                                               NaN
Steep traces the legacy of extreme skiing from ...
Stand up comedian Graham Elwood's journey physi...
Los Marziano reconstruye la oportunidad de un r...
Fourteen-year-old Mo is a lonely, sensitive boy...
Dave, a high school senior, spends most of his ...
Double the Girls, Double the Guns!! For Mikura,...
Following five couples and their friend Robert ...
Rent’s a bitch. And that is why, six months aft...
                  I couldn't live in a man's body!
Coming-of-age story about an Italian-Australian...
Six months pregnant and living in a beat-up tin...
U.S Postal Inspectors are called in when a subu...
                                               NaN
With tough and savvy boss Victor Mature in char...
My Last Five Girlfriends traces the romantic jo...
The Kiss is a 1929 drama film directed by Jacqu...
Based on the Imperium Comics series, Trailer Pa...
Something diabolical is taking place on the set...
The plan was easy; the job was not. On a snowy ...
A romance novelist (David Arquette) moves into ...
A romantic comedy inventing a friendship betwee...
The Brussels Business is a docu-thriller that d...
A girl fed up with her quirky, dysfunctional fa...
Curse of the Blair Witch is a documentary about...
A high school substitute English teacher resort...
A railroad tycoon, disillusioned with his marri...
Working at an underground city storage facility...
In Assassin's Bullet, Slater plays Robert Diggs...
A sixteen-year-old boy insinuates himself into ...
A summer heat wave and a series of sexual encou...
A happy, unsuspecting couple, Max (Dan Wyllie) ...
Germany's Adolf Hitler, with his Axis-stooges, ...
Based on actual accounts, this film portrays th...
A motorcycle stunt rider considers committing a...
Into the White is an anti-war movie. High above...
When a couple discovers that a brass teapot mak...
A drama centered on the relationship between Ph...
When the family dog gets sick, the kids and the...
After the unexpected death of his survivalist f...
SMITTY is a family film about a rescue dog. Whe...
A parasitic alien soul is injected into the bod...
The story of a father's tireless love for his a...
This heart warming film is about a dog named Co...
Set in the world of New York City's elite priva...
Kiwi black-comedy about Nige and best mate Dean...
A love story about the encounter of two driftin...
A man in search of his past, and a woman who li...
A conservationist and a widow meet a mountain c...
Two misfit best friends incapable of growing up...
Dr. Martin Blake, who has spent his life lookin...
THE WHALE tells the true story of a young, wild...
Strait-laced Princeton University admissions of...
Welcome to Riverworld, a place of strange, wate...
During the Spanish Civil War, an agent on a mis...
                                               NaN
The "buzz" in Hollywood is that, "18 FINGERS OF...
                                               NaN
A seasoned cowboy takes a young tender-foot und...
A huge South Asian law enforcement contingent e...
Burt Reynolds stars as Jefferson Steel, a washe...
A drama centered on an office worker on the ver...
The flat on the third floor of a Bauhaus buildi...
A richly textured essay film on landscape, art,...
When Harsha, a bike stunter from Vishakapatnam,...
Lew is a small time loser with a troubled past ...
Saketh Ram's wife is raped and killed during di...
Faye Hanlon is a community-college professor wi...
When a town learns that Santa Claus has struck ...
Lisa Dolittle sends her daughter to 'Durango', ...
After a pair of models go missing from a boat, ...
          The life and Tragic death of Marvin Gaye
Two friends travel to a ski resort, with one lo...
One Life captures unprecedented and beautiful s...
A narrative feature film inspired by the events...
Spike Lee pays tribute to Michael Jackson's Bad...
Besa is a Serbian film from 2009. year, made in...
Huddersfield is a Serbian film. Story is set in...
Julian Assange is one of the most significant f...
Jeff Goldblum and Forest Whitaker star as New Y...
009 Re:Cyborg follows a group of nine cyborgs, ...
Based primarily on the first game in the series...
                                               NaN
A young, wealthy club kid's life spirals downwa...
For the young man who lives in Serbian province...
Ranjit Mehra and his wife Sonia live a middle-c...
After undersea explosions near a Caribbean isla...
A plane carrying beauty contestants crash lands...
After seeing her husband fail in fighting a bat...
The romantic myth is exposed for Guy when he is...
Roscoe, his wife and his mother-in-law run a se...
Evil Dead, the fourth installment of the Evil D...
A fine art auctioneer mixed up with a gang, joi...
An experimental lab animal called a gargantua e...
A demon bestows on a self-righteous working pho...
CHASING BEAUTY provides a rare glimpse into the...
Neil and Ivan McCormick, two Irish brothers who...
When notorious criminal Jacob Sternwood is forc...
A hyper-repressed and schlubby accountant (Jona...
Successful woman in love tries to break her fam...
Ditte owns a gallery, has a loving boyfriend an...
Following his ruin in the latest banking crisis...
Set amid arrests and subsequent trials surround...
"Americano" centres around Chris McKinley (Jack...
It is 1979 and Albertine, 10, and all her famil...
A “putzel” is a “little putz” and for Walter Hi...
Selfish Chris Teller pressures his older brothe...
Ireland 1587. Hugh O'Donnell inherits the title...
Mike and Lenny are two buddies who dream of get...
Chris, a sexy teenager who appears mostly bare-...
New York tourist Tony Curtis falls asleep on a ...
A documentary on the life of Texas filmmaker Ea...
An intimate view of the women whose images have...
According to Spencer, She's the one... Everyone...
In the final months of World War II, American t...
Where does an elephant go after a life in the c...
From go-kart champs, NASCAR winners are bred --...
Academy Award-winning documentary filmmaker, Je...
Shepard &amp; Dark is the remarkable story of a...
A documentary that examines the relationship be...
In the spring of 1939, Gilbert and Eleanor Krau...
Jack Harper is one of the last few drone repair...
A group of researchers in Antarctica are abduct...
A journalist gets caught up in a terrorist plot...
A set of twins -- one a hard-working student an...
The story of a gang of children growing up in a...
A traumatized shark expert (Halle Berry) must b...
Bernice, a shy young woman, leaves her safe hom...
When six teenage boys came together as a skateb...
After falling in love in Paris, Marina and Neil...
The powerful story of Jackie Robinson, the lege...
                           Film by Veikko Aaltonen
Staff and students at a rural school react to a...
Happy is a 2011 feature documentary film direct...
Two women are held hostage in a deep basement o...
Teenager Erik returns from Paris to Finland in ...
BHUTTO is the definitive documentary that chron...
Shin Kishida stars as Juzo, a self-important pi...
                 The real first comedy about love.
The film follows Kristi Jones (Cynthia Rothrock...
Abused battered wife has had enough of husband ...
A Marshal must face unpleasant facts about his ...
In the 1830's beaver trapper Flint Mitchell and...
Seeking Asian Female is an eccentric modern lov...
Romantic comedy from Academy Award winner Susan...
Explores Italian immigrant Antonio Bussone's us...
This documentary film is about the making of U2...
Disheartened when his story about Canadian snip...
Bohemian Alex Morrison has just finished direct...
                                               NaN
Hana, a nineteen-year-old college student, fall...
Short-listed as one of the 15 best documentarie...
The nations of the Earth unite in a common caus...
This program recounts the life of scientist, in...
For decades, Freddy Krueger has slashed his way...
Disconnect interweaves multiple storylines abou...
         A comedic look at the life of Steve Jobs.
Three couples try group sex at a lakeside straw...
A motley crew of young boys in Colombia lives o...
                                               NaN
Dr.Decker comes back from Africa after a year, ...
Fallout from hydrogen bomb tests is turning peo...
Home with their newly-formed family, happy pare...
In 1982 the guilt-ridden 18-year-old Rupert tri...
An old man and a young woman meet in Tokyo. She...
When a cocky industrialist's efforts to raise a...
Hungry for adventure, Thor secretly embarks on ...
After their parents are murdered, two young Kur...
Earthquakes in central Korea turn out to be the...
A journey into the lives of a mother polar bear...
Daniel Lugo, manager of the Sun Gym in 1990s Mi...
A heart-pounding suspense thriller, set on an i...
A comedic spoof based on the worldwide phenomen...
Baptista has two daughters: Kate and Bianca. Ev...
A financially-strapped charter pilot hires hims...
Two con men selling phony stock flee to Mexico ...
Iron Man enlists the help of ruthless vigilante...
Department H sends in Wolverine to track down a...
When the Hulk becomes too dangerous for the Ear...
Before Bad Brains, the Sex Pistols or even the ...
A pro ball player with a substance abuse proble...
Michael is committed to getting his best friend...
Something sinister has come to the shores of Er...
A former agent of the CIA and his estranged dau...
College students exploring the Ozark Mountains ...
A man is pardoned from prison and returns to Sa...
An adaptation of Mark Waid's "Tower of Babel" s...
How do 1.1 billion people around the world live...
Ip Man's peaceful life in Foshan changes after ...
A young scientist's experiment goes awry when h...
Hard-hitting news editor Jim Branch falls for h...
Kickboxing champion B.J. is jailed for an accid...
Two rivals, one a cop and the other a martial a...
Documentary feature film that follows the perso...
When Polly Fisher, a circus aerialist, is hurt ...
This historical and critical look at slasher fi...
In February 2007, ten people went to the remote...
                                               NaN
Hoyle a girl with a sharp mind and a weakness f...
Bumpy are the pot-holed roads of Bulgaria’s cap...
While attending a party at James Franco's house...
When Tony Stark's world is torn apart by a form...
An outwardly confident but unmarried woman on t...
In 1926 the tragic and untimely death of a sile...
Revolution is a new movie from internationally-...
Movie star Shelah Fane is seeing wealthy Alan J...
The film follows Grace, a young woman whose irr...
Based on the Geoff Johns/Gary Frank 2008 releas...
Martians come to Earth to build an H-bomb stron...
                                No overview found.
When the moral values of a longtime wetwork bla...
Teacher Linda Sinclair (Julianne Moore) balance...
Based on one of the most beloved Young Adult no...
Anna learns in prison that her mother has passe...
On the Arabian Peninsula in the 1930s, two warr...
The Late, Great Planet Earth is the title of a ...
Boomer (Wiper) is a rookie cop based in the urb...
Italy 1757, Pippo Popolino, a lowly tailor, dis...
During the Vietnam War [1959-1975] a special US...
The year is 1886, when New England's fishing ha...
Henry Wilton is an elderly millionaire saddled ...
Two teenage boys encounter a fugitive and make ...
                                               NaN
Documentary based on the book by Erich Von Dani...
Dolemite comes to the rescue of Queen Bee, whos...
Already taking a gamble settling in the unchart...
On the run from smugglers and the police, world...
During World War 2 the Germans arrested people ...
Since his untimely death from pancreatic cancer...
Chu Liu-hsiang, the charming, capable, and, yes...
Set during the Sung Dynasty, patriotic monks of...
One hour before the State Opening of Parliament...
A sinful martial arts expert wants to start a n...
A German scientist murders his fiancée during W...
An espionage tale from inside the CIA's long co...
England, 1932. Today is Dolly Thatcham's weddin...
When a clumsy deadbeat accidentally kills his l...
This internationally popular tale of a brother ...
It's back to the Shaolin Monastery for one of t...
Legendary Weapons of China is a martial arts fa...
Akane begins seeing visions of a female ghost w...
A Nurse named Yuko (Ai Kago) has a strange expe...
The narrative centres on a nomadic opera troupe...
Detective Johnny Modine gets his Christmas cele...
A story of incomprehensible abuse delivered by ...
A petty robbery spirals into a tense hostage si...
The evil Count Draculon and his army of demons ...
A series of murders leads Commander Trujillo to...
Henry Bolingbroke has now been crowned King of ...
A 16-year-old girl takes her parents hostage af...
Tania Head was the ultimate 9/11 survivor. She ...
An astronaut goes into space with a chimpanzee....
Set in 1952, as England prepares for the corona...
A glimpse into the lives of an ensemble of char...
We all want more energy, an ideal body and beau...
The story of Piero, from when he was a kid to f...
The death of King Henry the Fourth and the coro...
French essay film focusing on global political ...
An analysis of the power relations in an ordina...
A single shot of the Empire State Building from...
After Jesse James is wounded by a bullet to the...
There is no place more hallowed in the martial ...
Due to his own extreme ideals, famed swordsman ...
Celebrated director Chu Yuan helms "Descendant ...
Al Stanco has lived all of his life in Brooklyn...
A London tube driver considers pursuing a third...
A drama centered on a troubled young woman who ...
Fish has spent six years in jail. Six years alo...
A drama centered on a man dealing with the afte...
When wealthy executive Raymond Stone sends out ...
Two literary women compete for 20 years: one wr...
Featuring interviews from major cast and crew m...
Dr. Orlof, a former prison doctor, abducts beau...
German boy Emil comes to live with his American...
Georgie Hung is handsome, stylish and charming ...
A slacker hatches a million-dollar idea. But, i...
An abused autistic boy is the sole witness to t...
7 years on from the original Fortress movie, Br...
An American writer moves to Paris to be closer ...
Friends uncover a dark secret when they compare...
Catherine meets Nick by accident and, after a w...
An adaptation of F. Scott Fitzgerald's Long Isl...
There are terrible things happening in the dese...
A documentary short examining the language and ...
After being kicked out of her African village t...
A man returns to visit his native Sicily after ...
"Lesson Plan" is a documentary film about The T...
The spirit of an ancient evil queen posesses th...
In a small town in post-World-War-II France, an...
Two orphans, Polly and Doug, live with their st...
A Huey P. Newton Story is a 2001 film directed ...
The first-ever feature documentary about Grammy...
On 17-year-old Kate's last weekend in town, she...
When the crew of the Enterprise is called back ...
A TV production crew are making a documentary a...
The movie follows the life of an unpopular come...
A European immigrant becomes a master of indust...
Just when you thought you where safe, the "inde...
A man is accused of murder and manipulated into...
A sufferer of cystic fibrosis travels to a lege...
Four friends lose themselves in a carefree Sout...
Tales of Vesperia: The First Strike takes place...
Evolution as an artist is often times what sepa...
Two recently laid-off men in their 40s try to m...
A young woman of about 17 years old, named Mery...
Werner Herzog takes a film crew to the island o...
Set in 19th-century New York, this mystery begi...
Chronicles the last great American showman, fil...
As America recovers from the Civil War, one man...
Four teenage friends go on a road trip through ...
Bootlegger/cafe owner, Johnny Franks  recruits ...
Jack Palmer is a Paris-based detective with a h...
With a price on his head, Ichi seeks tranquilli...
Best friends, Carl and Lester, find themselves ...
The seventeen year old Stach is faced with five...
One of the major documentaries on a specific ch...
In this meditative film, the everyday lives of ...
Jennifer and Vince, virtual strangers, find the...
Sissi is now the empress of Austria and attempt...
Orlando is forced to work like a servant for hi...
A close-up look at the turbulent world of women...
Hollywood, Look I m Smiling is a laugh-out-loud...
Beautiful vampire Djuna tries to resist the adv...
Filmmaker Sarah Polley interviews members of he...
Darkon is an award-winning feature-length docum...
The film follows adventurer Jeff Johnson as he ...
A washed-up detective discovers his own psychic...
Georgian bush pilot Valentin (Valiko) Mizandari...
An experimental documentary film that uses arch...
                                               NaN
Serge Tanneur (Fabrice Luchini) is at the pinna...
American soldiers lost behind enemy lines durin...
A businessman's (Charles Winninger) youngest da...
Shurik Timofeev builds a working model of a tim...
Ric Burns (brother of the famed documentarian K...
Buenos Aires. On the top floor of a hospital, a...
Learning of a fortune in gold being secretly sh...
It's young Lucy's first day as a trainee in-hou...
Julian, who runs a Thai boxing club as a front ...
This time, there's no wedding. No bachelor part...
A compelling account of Juan Pujol, an extraord...
Hobbs has Dominic and Brian reassemble their cr...
A teenager finds herself transported to a deep ...
An artist, Steve Rogers, is nearly murdered by ...
Film-essay about shepherds living in the Armeni...
Filmed between 1999 and 2001, WEST OF THE TRACK...
La Nuit du Carrefour (A Night at the Crossroads...
After amusements working in a restaurant, Charl...
A government agent is looking for a missing sci...
Surrounded by death and the brutal lifestyle th...
After four years apart, Ahmad returns to his wi...
In a near future society a man claims that his ...
After serving jail time for a mysterious crime,...
Adapted from a monologue in his "Blue Jam" radi...
Bush Mama is the story of Dorothy and her husba...
When her daughter Sara unexpectedly passes away...
A college professor, left alone by his wife for...
A rich merchant, Antonio is depressed for no go...
Tells the story of Fisher Willow, the disliked ...
The loss of their young daughter threatens to d...
Houkago Midnighters is about a human anatomical...
Kyohei Nagashima (Masaki Okada) has shut away t...
Sinners are invited to a theme park where they ...
An aspiring dancer moves to New York City and b...
The City of Salem, Massachusetts is visited by ...
Lieutenant Braden discovers that Sally, the wom...
Eva lives a happy life with her ​​father, an un...
Russell Carpenter reluctantly admits his wife S...
Based on the autobiographical novel, the tempes...
Divided into four episodes Roberto Rosellini's ...
My film diaries 1970-1979: my marriage, childre...
The Parade, in a tragicomic way, tells the stor...
the film follows an alien zombie creature as he...
A tale of murder in small-town Kansas. When Jim...
This moving documentary recounts the two months...
Spoof-miester, Julie Brown does a musical send-...
A newsman (Glenn Ford) exposes a doctor (Miles ...
After dense matter from an imploded white hole ...
Bright Alex grows up in Michigan proud of his m...
At 89 years old, Stan Lee's name appears on mor...
Mayhem and death follow when an earthquake trap...
A young Austrian girl is kidnapped and held in ...
Twentysomething Petri got over a break-up by pu...
A roughly beautiful Hilton! gives the viewer a ...
50 % of the world’s population lives in urban a...
Steven Shorter is the ultimate British music st...
Abandoned in a park, the two-year-old girl Asia...
In the unique world of the Buenos Aires celebri...
Documentary follows Bobby Liebling, lead singer...
One thousand years after cataclysmic events for...
A young woman about to be married begins having...
 Story of the life of writer/playwright Moss Hart.
Long-time friends reconnect when one returns to...
Derek, in chronological order, records the work...
A woman gives birth to a baby, but this is no o...
A tramp steals a girl's handbag, but when he tr...
An FBI agent and an Interpol detective track a ...
Story of Linda Lovelace, who is used and abused...
An innocent woman, Claire Scully is drawn into ...
Stories of people who regard augmenting their b...
The documentary recounts the world's first nucl...
War Made Easy reaches into the Orwellian memory...
When new parents Alex and Penny retreat from th...
Jim is an average New Yorker living a peaceful ...
An elite hitman returns to erase his past only ...
Afghanistan. War correspondent Elsa Casanova is...
A mysterious old man named Mr. Plinkett is keep...
The true story of the formation of Ian Fleming'...
A documentary focusing on why one of America's ...
Johnny Rizzo, is about to trade his dream job i...
Soon after Thom starts operating as an illegal ...
A prominent politician is preparing to expose a...
Ellen Gordon, a New York executive's mistress f...
Attack on the Iron Coast is a 1967 British-Amer...
The charismatic, surly son of a wealthy industr...
In 17th century China, zombies and vampires roa...
An amateur cycling team from Albania heads to F...
Thirty-five years in the life of Max, his best ...
"Charles Gatewood is a photographer and anthrop...
Wealthy American housewife Mary Morgan takes he...
This is the story about Setyo, Siti and Ludiro,...
Six captive office workers are literally chaine...
The film tells the story of a teenager whose mo...
Mahree Bok lives on a farm in South Africa. Her...
In the 1970s, a British sound technician is bro...
Over the course of his summer break, a teenager...
Set in the 1950s, a a group of young girls in u...
Vasermil tells the story of three teenagers who...
Explores individuals who feel the need to becom...
Gertie Waxted (Myrna Loy) knows how a notorious...
Beth (Vinessa Shaw) and Francis (Ebon Moss-Bach...
Since Charlie is no longer there, the lives of ...
A woman’s body disappears mysteriously from the...
The arrival of a new student in school changes ...
A modern retelling of Shakespeare's classic com...
In the late 1970s, when a mentally handicapped ...
A documentary film depicting a group of young b...
At thirteen-years-old, with an unusually high I...
      Charlie takes care of a man in a wheelchair.
A young boy learns that he has extraordinary po...
A shipowner intends to scuttle his ship on its ...
Joe Toy, on the verge of adolescence, finds him...
Outspoken and overly critical Nishant Agarwal m...
London Paris New York is a film that captures t...
To the amusement of their adult children and fr...
An elderly couple fight against local authoriti...
Hannah Arendt is a portrait of the genius that ...
Jean Paul and Chema have been together ten year...
A diverse group of full-of-attitude New Yorkers...
An HBO documentary, takes a ‘personal, not poli...
Born in a village in Sudan, kidnapped by slaver...
Given the country's overcrowded prisons, the U....
A young couple, Mary and John, awaiting a baby ...
Ozzy Osbourne's four decade track record as a c...
In New York, a Pakistani native finds that his ...
Two teens battle their way through a religious ...
Did Adolf Hitler survive WWII and live on under...
It’s a paradox. Never before in history we have...
A woman (Catherine Deneuve) becomes obsessed wi...
Following a nervous breakdown, Gwen takes up th...
An American named Anthony is living and working...
Backup singers live in a world that lies just b...
Narrating in voiceover, Tahimik explains the pa...
An aging hippie sets out on a trip across Ameri...
This feature film looks at five individuals who...
BAD BLOOD chronicles how a "miracle" treatment ...
When Papi &amp; co move into a luxurious hotel,...
Haunted by recent events and on the run, a man ...
A British intelligence agent must track down a ...
Brash young Hollywood talent agent Josh Ross (D...
Inspired by actual events, a group of fame-obse...
A man visits a school to enroll his son, but th...
A look at the relationship between Mike and Sul...
                                               NaN
Action epic sees a passionate young man transfo...
A womanizer teaches his clueless friend the rul...
The film centers on three brothers who, upon le...
This film investigates how the media has report...
An employee at a professional separation agency...
Chantal Akerman retraces a journey from the end...
A story about doomed love between two people fr...
Four men, each peculiar in his own way, embark ...
The assassination of the would be ruler of Rome...
A mad farmer falls in love with his pig and has...
Your favourite teddy bear. That model kit that ...
The true story of Chong Kim who, as a young tee...
Mexico City. 2002, 2006, 2010. A cop. A hostage...
Using personal stories, this powerful documenta...
After a mysterious prisoner with only a few wee...
Four friends embark on a cross-country journey ...
As he helps a young artist with her upcoming ex...
A young playboy who learns he has one month unt...
Larry, a 16-year-old Tlicho Indian, lives in th...
A terrorist plants several bombs throughout the...
When legions of monstrous creatures, known as K...
Joker teams up with Lex Luthor to destroy the w...
Virgil Oldman is a world renowned antiques expe...
Desperate to get out from under her overprotect...
Director Jacques Charon's 1968 comedy about a w...
A popular but naive country singer is elected g...
Easy-going, gentle college-boy Adam Baker enjoy...
Life for former United Nations investigator Ger...
In the year 2159, two classes of people exist: ...
Investigative journalist, Jeremy Scahill is pul...
Ryan Banks's manager and old friend, Todd, come...
Dooley and his dog Jerry Lee still are active a...
Celebrated as supersleuth, Mr. Moto comes out f...
Samantha Crawford is living a storybook life: s...
In front of a crowd at the Rotterdam Music Hall...
Five campers arrive in the mountains to examine...
Julian Assange. Bradley Manning. Collateral mur...
Based on the Henry James novella, the story fra...
Orphaned as a baby when his parents were killed...
A lifeguard at Lake Müggel has his hand bitten ...
The theory of evolution and a re-write of Ameri...
Mrs Taggart always celebrates her anniversary w...
The story of the infamous Purple Gang - a ring ...
Werner Schroeter mixes Stravinsky, Beethoven, B...
Minamata: The Victims and Their World (水俣 患者さんと...
A young med student struggling with her tuition...
On the set of Cleopatra, Hollywood's most beaut...
The trio of Dharam, Paramveer and Gajodhar reun...
A crew of international astronauts are sent on ...
                                               NaN
In a California desert town, a short-order cook...
The father, fired two years before retirement, ...
Recorded at the Warner Theater in Washington, D...
A projectionist bored with his everyday life be...
A pretty young Mexican girl returns to her home...
Teenager Midori's family moves back to the city...
The incredible story of how the mummified corps...
                                               NaN
Gru is recruited by the Anti-Villain League to ...
Capitol Policeman John Cale has just been denie...
Five friends who reunite in an attempt to top t...
With dreams of becoming a successful entreprene...
Prospero, the true Duke of Milan is now living ...
In 1942, Henan Province was devastated by the m...
Nadine (Lisa Sookhiram) is sucked into an other...
Homeless and on the run from a military court m...
Agnes has most things in life: a family who are...
A group of old friends, Sarah, Jake, Dave and M...
Uptight and straight-laced, FBI Special Agent S...
     A PC becomes a vigilante after a head trauma.
Comedy set in World War Two, starring James Rob...
Seven strangers wake up on the deserted streets...
The Texas Rangers chase down a gang of outlaws ...
Sacha is a real seducer, a man with no ties or ...
Tells the story of five people from the last ge...
Christy Sloane is sent on a business trip to in...
New York, the city that never sleeps, is trappe...
Grave robbers supply a doctor with bodies to te...
There is something going on in the small town o...
One week in one of the most exotic and pictures...
By accident, Colleen Gibson shoots and kills he...
This movie re-creates the life stories of the m...
The story of St. Gabriel, who was killed by an ...
An old-time movie-star singer/ hoofer rebonds w...
Young idealist Richard Miller is selected as va...
Rafe Covington is as good as his word, and he's...
A gang of South Korean thieves team up with a H...
Iconic writer, director, actor, comedian and mu...
Dr. Jung Nam finds a photo album dating back to...
The rivalry between the manipulative boss of an...
In the winter of 2011, after a controversial el...
Delve into the world of Batman and the vigilant...
A college teacher brings the little creatures b...
While in pursuit of cop Johnathan Graves, his d...
Stockholm, late 1970s. Within a stone’s throw o...
In a war that has left more than 25,000 wounded...
Ten easy steps show you how to make money from ...
The Stig-Helmer Story is a 2011 Swedish comedy ...
The peaceful, secluded, country hideaway of thr...
A group of teenagers who, in an attempt to resc...
Inside a darkened house looms a column of TVs l...
A college student creates and sells a drug call...
When a solar eclipse sends a colossal blast of ...
Follows three young, committed Public Defenders...
Macbeth and his wife murder Duncan in order to ...
A couple endures a series of mishaps right befo...
When Todd takes his girlfriend Cammie up to the...
New Federal marshal Len Merrick saves Tim Keith...
One of four western films made for PRC by banta...
When a father passes on the traditional family ...
With nutritionally-depleted foods, chemical add...
A rebellious teen butts heads with the teachers...
Ichi is a blind entertainer that travels the co...
After starring in "The Sacketts", Tom Selleck a...
Adequacy is relative.Vitalik the main character...
A musical comedy about a Brooklyn boy who inher...
A hard-partying high school senior's philosophy...
A romantic comedy that brings together three di...
A former valedictorian quits her reporter job i...
Ed Hardy is emblazoned on clothing worn by Mado...
A group of attractive young people (of course) ...
Vincent, a wealthy real estate agent, is invite...
"Partners: The Movie II" is the second of the m...
Tensions are high after a Danish freighter is c...
Justin Salerian follows South African paramedic...
Three tales of terror: in "The Graveyard Rats" ...
Big Star: Nothing Can Hurt Me is a feature-leng...
A portrait of photographer Tim Hetherington's w...
Male chauvinist Mike attempts to get an intelli...
A western set on the New Mexico frontier a few ...
A documentary that explores the downloading rev...
The pit has spoken. Dawai, the potter of a back...
Musical retelling of the "Ali Baba and the 40 T...
The film is dedicated to the first steps of man...
About Russian space program and missile industr...
A freak hurricane hits Los Angeles, causing man...
Hamlet comes home from university to find his u...
A documentary about the US government's broken ...
Craig Ferguson unleashes his trademark stream-o...
                                               NaN
An acclaimed writer, his ex-wife, and their tee...
Duncan is a genius straight A student, Blade is...
Director Mark Wexler embarks on a worldwide tre...
In the wake of the tragic events at Waco, Texas...
I bet anyone can get better at golf than you ar...
A psychological thriller from the writer of the...
The true story of Oscar, a 22-year-old Bay Area...
                                               NaN
When old auntie Mirta succeeds in a lottery and...
A feature shot as a documentary, with minimal i...
Psychotropic drugs. It’s the story of big money...
Star Wars is no longer science fiction  The pro...
Murphy plays an ex-Quantrill's Raider who's rel...
The true story of the "Flying Sikh" world champ...
9 years ago Wali Khan (Irrfan Khan) was sent in...
Experiments in biological warfare have destroye...
Dr. Julian Mater is suspended and gets his lice...
Chinese steampunk martial arts blockbuster abou...
Hiring real zombies for a broadway show proves ...
A recently slain cop joins a team of undead pol...
After she and her husband lose their jobs, a fo...
When time travel allows a past wrong to be righ...
United is based on the true story of Manchester...
Narcotics agent Dennis goes undercover in the M...
In postwar Hong Kong, legendary Wing Chun grand...
The stories of a missing wife, a couple of meth...
Two veterans of the Bosnian War, one American, ...
In 1947 when the maps of India and Pakistan wer...
A documentary on conditions at the U.S. Guantan...
is a creative documentary-fiction film and a fi...
A Scotland Yard Detective (Peter Cushing) must ...
Iago and a comrade-in-arms are outside the Veni...
During the Civil War in 17th-Century England, a...
Paranormal investigators Ed and Lorraine Warren...
A man visits a prostitute but just wants to tal...
A young Air Force lieutenant falls in love with...
After losing contact with Earth, Astronaut Lee ...
The story revolves around a new high school stu...
Forced underground by the next ice age, a strug...
After his father’s death, high school lacrosse ...
Mark Anderson, a recent stroke victim who is fr...
Stranded on an isolated desert road, two life-l...
Leader of a tribe of amazon women, Queen Kari, ...
During the Iran-Iraq War, Bashu, a young boy lo...
An old geezer recalls some of the antics of the...
In the early-morning hours of July 23, 2007, in...
In the land of Orlais, a brash young Seeker—Cas...
Oslo, April 19th 1945, as the Third Reich is li...
Two years ago, Josh Fox introduced us to hydrau...
Most people never have to face the fact that at...
The tale of an ordinary garden snail who dreams...
Tab Hunter plays Ed Hackett, the son of gunslin...
7 minutes from now in Nogales, Arizona, Thomas ...
Wolverine faces his ultimate nemesis - and test...
A group of students are sent to a faraway plane...
This is the story of daredevil stuntman Randy C...
A young, lonely, mentaly retarded teenage girl ...
A coming of age journey set in the quirky subcu...
Canada, the summer of 1898. A group of German s...
The two young Swedish journalist's Erik Gandini...
Let’s Make Money is an Austrian documentary by ...
Romão, illiterate and unemployed, feels destiny...
The Crash Reel tells the story of a sport and t...
Weekend trips, office parties, late night conve...
Director Eva Sørhaug (Cold Lunch) reveals the r...
After she and her husband move into a haunted h...
Retired C.I.A. agent Frank Moses reunites his u...
In a world where ninjas dream of being rock sta...
In rural Connecticut, baseball players Ben and ...
Three thirty-something friends band together wh...
During the critical experiment that would rid D...
Detective Nick Carter is brought in to foil spi...
A parolee (Paul Walker) becomes the target of a...
Twenty-year-old Kamal has been married for a fe...
"Papa", one of the chiefs of a tribe in the hig...
Patrick Perrault, a photo-journalist covering t...
Art, a drug-addicted dealer and hustler, arrive...
Prostitute. Hooker. Sex Worker. Whore. Candid a...
A ruthless inquisitor spins the superstitions o...
A nearly-suicidal, young woman visits a psychot...
The story about one man - an artist and an inte...
A new investigative documentary exploring the c...
A detective infiltrates into one of the biggest...
A country girl goes to the city and gets a job ...
Tells the story of Operation Moshtarak, the big...
A comedy about funny adventures of the group of...
Harry (Brian Petsos) is having a very, very bad...
Raimund Gregorius, having saved a beautiful Por...
1970's pop culture icons Danny Bonaduce and Bar...
Consuming Kids throws desperately needed light ...
A major who had just lost two people in his com...
A response to the failure of the American mass ...
Mighty Uke travels the world to discover why so...
A Texas Ranger (Guy Madison) turns deputy sheri...
A DEA agent and an undercover Naval Intelligenc...
With great wit and insight, New York City filmm...
Rafa is a 13 years old kid concerned with his m...
October 1918: After returning to the civil life...
                                No overview found.
It's the 60s and a bunch of crazy teenagers mee...
What does it mean to lead men in war? What does...
Lost in Thailand is the story of two rival busi...
2013. A mysterious epidemic spreads across the ...
Never before seen Super 8 home movies filmed by...
In 1995, Chasen's closed its doors after 60 yea...
The story of a woman who loves her dog more tha...
Jasmine French used to be on the top of the hea...
Toward the end of World War II, Russian soldier...
Jep Gambardella has seduced his way through the...
Bastien, an ambitious young production assistan...
A small group of typical Tromaville citizens fi...
Kevin and Garrison are boyhood friends in a sle...
The discovery of an illicit love affair leads t...
An ex-con moves to L.A. to find work and create...
Two boys follow in their late fathers foot step...
A womanizer tries to redeem himself to win over...
Andy (Mickey Rooney) is about to head off to co...
The "Bulldozer", a former football star, is now...
Bomber is an unemployed boat captain. One day h...
Istanbul is being terrorized by a crime wave, a...
Based on the award winning short film, Blood Sh...
The surgeon who did the job was dead. Only the ...
The film tells the story of a well-planned robb...
Lonely guy Fred Stoller is thrilled when his go...
Using the book 'Fragments', which collects Mari...
Six high school seniors celebrating with day's ...
An intergalactic fighting competition between c...
After Zane Ziminski is found dead five people r...
When longtime friends Joey Fortone and Lenny Ka...
A young man working at a cinema on a special pr...
In Wyoming Territory, a range war is brewing be...
Maria (Carol Kane) is the wife of a murdered Ma...
An intimate look at the very public and passion...
The body of a young woman whose heart has been ...
Alcan Highway is a filmed diary of a one dream ...
Filmed at the Celebrity Theatre in Phoenix, AZ ...
After nearly 20 years in prison, Edmond Dantes ...
In their quest to confront the ultimate evil, P...
The evil wizard Gargamel creates a couple of mi...
Alan Partridge has had many ups and downs in li...
The time is in the future and the youth gang vi...
Set over the course of a weekend tournament for...
Six of seven tourists in a east European castle...
An Arab surgeon living in Tel Aviv discovers a ...
Via a magic mirror, Twilight Sparkle travels in...
In Transylvania, Lupin III, the notorious inter...
Julie McConnell is one of a dozen camp counselo...
Miss You Can Do It chronicles Abbey Curran, Mis...
Profile of Charles Hamilton Houston who played ...
         Adaptation from John Galsworthy's novels.
Filmmaker and comedian Kevin Smith returns to E...
A tough young man, who helps to kick poor peopl...
In Beijing, a young martial artist's skill plac...
American tycoon George Harrison, his beautiful ...
Global panic ensues when it is revealed that a ...
Two highway road workers spend the summer of 19...
Two scientists inject an unsuspecting auto acci...
A new vigilante, Batwoman, is wreaking havoc in...
As the home planet of the Green Lantern Corps f...
A gangster enlists a mad Nazi scientist to crea...
Kick-box champion David Sloan arrives in Rio de...
With the rise of cell phones has come a deadly ...
Sasha Mitchell ("Kickboxer 2&amp;3") triumphant...
In the original movie, the cyborg-teachers were...
A veteran pot dealer creates a fake family as p...
Four teens on the run from an orphanage spring ...
After her lousy stepfather steals her savings t...
The all-star comedy cast from Grown Ups returns...
DEFCON is the world's largest hacking conferenc...
Jamie is moving in two weeks from Chicago to Ne...
The taciturn police commander Zhang leads an un...
Ten years have passed since the death of millio...
A knife-scarred victim must identify her assail...
The story of a mom whose son healed from all al...
After Kick-Ass’ insane bravery inspires a new w...
Betrayed by his own kind and left for dead on a...
Dusty is a cropdusting plane who dreams of comp...
Blind swordsman/masseuse Zatoichi befriends a y...
Danger has a special sparkle when Mr. Moto head...
In this is the entry into the Andy Hardy series...
Obesity rates in the United States have reached...
A father who experiments with his sons psychoki...
Notorious killer whale Tilikum is responsible f...
An entry-level employee at a powerful corporati...
Arriving on a deserted beach in the Mediterrane...
Karloff is once again chilling and brilliant in...
A lifelong love of flight inspires Japanese avi...
When Jan decides to marry his girl-friend Sara,...
The first half of this movie may be tasteless: ...
A five man submarine plants sensors around the ...
Detectives use clues from various recording dev...
This well-executed biographical docudrama is a ...
The story of Steve Jobs' ascension from college...
                                               NaN
ON JUNE 4th 1989, CHINA WAS CHANGED FOREVER.  B...
In New York City, Clary Fray, a seemingly ordin...
Their family name alone evokes horror: Himmler,...
Flight of the Conchords embark on a revealing a...
The true story of an 84 year-old Kenyan village...
Abby is a sought after massage therapist and a ...
Documentary about the modern apocalypse caused ...
Zef’s stormy relationship with his brother Roni...
Based on a Russian folk tale, Vasilisa Prekrasn...
A look at the life of Cecil Gaines who served e...
An underachieving vocal coach is motivated by h...
Set on a game reserve in Africa. Askari is an a...
Julia (Trish Everly, in her only film role), a ...
During WWII, a three-man commando team places i...
Have you ever read the Terms and Conditions and...
Kirsty Sword Gusmão went to Timor-Leste to docu...
Two strangers meet in a nightclub and end up sp...
At the Kunsthistorisches Art Museum in Vienna, ...
The tale of an outlaw who escapes from prison a...
A moving and intimate film that follows Monique...
   A documentary on the famous Los Angeles street.
With suicide rates among active military servic...
A police captain's emotions get in the way when...
The night after another unsatisfactory New Year...
Animated film based on the life and stories of ...
Rahul embarks on a journey to a small town in T...
A feature documentary film set in Hollywood, ex...
Jannicke wakes up in the hospital. All of her f...
Takes place in the '80s where a group of teenag...
Viennese doctor Josef Bruer meets with philosop...
Roberto, a drummer in a rock band, keeps receiv...
Eighteen-year-old Shira is the youngest daughte...
A group of college friends celebrate the end of...
Shadows of Liberty presents the phenomenal true...
A wife pressures her husband to solicit work pa...
A heroic version of Lex Luthor from an alternat...
Questions of race, identity and heritage are ex...
A man questions his essential goodness after be...
Three strangers arrive one by one to a mysterio...
Maria, a Ukrainian doctor, comes to Portugal to...
A has-been boxing champion «who could have been...
An Alaska State Trooper partners with a young w...
An action comedy centered on Blubberella, an ov...
A Harvard graduate transports a load of marijua...
Cicely Tyson was Emmy-nominated as Outstanding ...
When the Davison family comes under attack duri...
The spoiled daughter of the French Ambassador t...
The O'Toole Brothers are Eastern con men, excep...
Doris (Guey Lun Mei) simply wanted to open a re...
Find Love is the story of two strangers who are...
Mathias Pascal, only son of a once-rich family,...
Developed from a radio program which began in 1...
Catherine the Great falls in love with an army ...
A young widow Amy Martin with three young boys ...
The story of Mila, a mother from the slums, who...
Adapted from a story by Truman Capote ("In Cold...
Pippa is a physically and emotionally scarred f...
A young woman, struggling with agoraphobia, has...
Sofia's story, the best chef the world, and the...
Just before Halloween, three young brothers alo...
After failing to get into the police academy, C...
In the bleak days of 1983, the Crimson Permanen...
                                               NaN
Out into the big wide world as fast as possible...
An elaborate heist unites 8 strangers in a simu...
Three excitement-craving friends get more than ...
Former Scissor Gang leader Eun-jin (Shin Eun-ky...
It's early summer and Agathe is back in France,...
A group of elite soldiers sent to infiltrate an...
A group of college friends discover a 15th cent...
A nasty virus has spread throughout the human r...
Chris Hunter is a sly newsreel reporter. While ...
An American soldier romances a beautiful Parisi...
A tragic motorcycle accident leaves one brother...
The Seasoning House - where young girls are pro...
A desperate city slicker engineer cheats his wa...
Logorama's plot involves the adventures of two ...
Based on the novel "Panther in the Basement" by...
Man-sik and Yeon-hee, are unsure as to whether ...
The story of the Cowsills, an American band con...
Based on actual court transcripts of 8 anti-war...
How did a college dropout who was arrested for ...
After a traumatic ordeal, acclaimed actress Emi...
A young man and woman meet by chance in an airp...
Different factions in WWII-era Holland race to ...
Emily Johnson, her boyfriend Bobby and their fr...
During the 70's, some Komodo Dragon eggs were d...
Immortalized in the world of improv comedy, Sec...
Professor Henry Barnes decides he's lived long ...
A South American plane loaded with an assortmen...
An ex-cop gets pulled back in an undercover mis...
Lil and Roz are two lifelong friends, having gr...
In a fancy Parisian Café, an uptight businessma...
By vividly recounting the TT's legendary rivalr...
A group of post-apocalyptic survivors, struggle...
A devoted family man tries to help a beautiful ...
A Newfoundland fishingboat comes to the aid of ...
Welcome to the special special special comedy s...
Glossy melodrama starring Lana Turner as a youn...
The son of famous studio owner is forced to mak...
A deeply-disturbed priest goes on a murderous n...
Edward is busy trying to unlock the secrets of ...
A recent college graduate goes to Paris after b...
When Englishman Jonathan Harker visits the exot...
A South American quasi-revolutionary/guerilla/t...
A group of teenagers come together to indulge i...
30 feet of pure terror is the result of an expe...
Errol Flynn, the swashbuckling Hollywood star a...
A city where suicide is the only growing busine...
The evil vampire villain Radu returns to his ho...
Continuing after the first "Subspecies", a woma...
Still in the thrall of the evil vampire Radu, M...
A wrongfully accused South Seas prince is execu...
A new kid moves into school, making enemies wit...
Valentin is Acapulco's resident playboy, until ...
Vampire fledgling Michelle Morgan has escaped t...
Go inside the lives and training regimes of eig...
King, the Con Man, is regarded as the successor...
A documentary on the former mayor of New York C...
Go behind the scenes during One Directions sell...
Naive young lady Karen wants to help her strugg...
Charlie is a fireman who always does everything...
A terrorist attack in London results in the cap...
The wives of several high-powered doctors feel ...
AmeriQua is the story of a lazy recent graduate...
Deep in an inner city hell, a ghastly figure is...
In this sequel, two juvenile detention officers...
The demon clown Killjoy is resurrected once aga...
Long before O'Reilly and Beck, Morton Downey, J...
Former race car driver Brent Magna (Hawke) is p...
Part psychological thriller and part provocativ...
Based on a bestselling preteen novel of the sam...
HIGH TECH, LOW LIFE follows the journey of two ...
Killjoy is back in the fourth installment of th...
In a Stateside hotel during the height of World...
Al, a young man from a modest background is abo...
During WW2, German ships are "safely" docked up...
In this re-imagining of Shakespear's King Lear,...
At the end of the 22nd century Alisa Seleznyova...
Seven college students are picked to travel to ...
Jim Slater's father (whom he never knew) died i...
A historical analysis of how groups such as the...
Four felons are contacted by an anonymous clien...
I AM is an utterly engaging and entertaining no...
One of many films based on the mysterious tale ...
A wealthy film producer Michael Pace discovers ...
The Younger brothers return to Missouri after t...
Pat Garrett arrives in Abilene where he catches...
Musical film about the trials and tribulations ...
​​American Vagabond is a documentary film about...
Sheltered by his grandparents, Luke, a young ma...
The ice-cold diva Paula ruthlessly exploits the...
An astronaut exposed to cosmic rays outside of ...
A Japanese cop, Shiro, and his partner Ray are ...
After the 1995 Kobe earthquake, a writer rememb...
Dr. Ryan Stone, a brilliant medical engineer on...
Adan Kundle, CEO of a major advertising agency,...
Six young people spend the morning after a wild...
Because her overprotective mother (Cheryl Ladd)...
Amitabha Roy (Soumitra Chatterjee) is a Calcutt...
Naturally beautiful, Katie has just settled int...
Wallace, a medical school dropout, has been rep...
Les D'Arcy is a living legend. At 89 years old,...
Carla and Bruno believe they have answers for e...
1000 years into the future, after the Great Neu...
An Outback farmer takes in an Afghani woman who...
An alien intending to claim Earth for his peopl...
When Keller Dover's daughter and her friend go ...
Two brothers live in the economically-depressed...
A documentary about conspiracy theories takes a...
The story of music legend Terri Hooley, a key f...
Obsessed with the BBC production of "Pride and ...
The haunted Lambert family seeks to uncover the...
Despite his best intentions, billionaire Jason ...
A biographical drama centered on the rivalry be...
The story takes place in a small town (called H...
Two men, at opposite ends of the social spectru...
The Manzoni family, a notorious mafia clan, is ...
Set in 1870s London, a young prostitute finds p...
Wanting a closer connection with his older brot...
Documents 18 months in the lives of three crack...
King Lines follows Chris Sharma on his search f...
Grace, a compassionate young supervisor at a fo...
Set in the competitive world of modern agricult...
A high-school student (Michael Ruben) and a dru...
Teenager Leslie Hindenberg, mistakenly believin...
Chris has to change school to attend a music pr...
A young man struggles to correct his life after...
After some gun play with a posse, the James Gan...
Timid milkman, Burleigh Sullivan (Lloyd), someh...
Daniel Anker’s 90-minute documentary takes on o...
                                  No overview yet.
A feature documentary on formative personal and...
The film’s premise is about a group of warriors...
An aspiring recording artist, Adam, is burned b...
Roddy Piper portrays a police Lt. working under...
A couple live a mediocre life and are thrilled ...
Second film in Ulrich Seidl's Paradise trilogy....
Dr Spencer Wells retraces the footsteps of 200 ...
Marcus du Sautoy, Professor of Mathematics at t...
Karen, a young psychiatric nurse, boards the la...
When a young accountant is devastated after dis...
The evils of alcohol before and during prohibit...
Tony Costas, a brash, obnoxious, sexist and rac...
Juan and his urban family live in the Mexican c...
Firmly rooted in the latest scientific discover...
Farah hits the road with her buddies to stump f...
Feeling pressured to become more sexually exper...
When Duke Evans, out of work NSA analyst, is ev...
See Robert DeNiro in his first starring role in...
17-year-old Jackie is in distress as her older ...
A murderous baboon escapes from a laboratory an...
Walking along with his bulldog, Charlie finds a...
Edna's father wants her to marry wealthy Count ...
An obsessed cop is on the trail of a serial kil...
Rio de Janeiro, April 18, 1945. Brazil's foreig...
Young Joan of Arc comes to the palace in France...
"Hawking" is the extraordinary story of the pla...
When John takes his San Francisco friends to hi...
When a cop's crooked past comes back to get him...
When Princess Rosalinda is about to become quee...
Naive Ezekial Cobb, brought up by his missionar...
A rough criminal gets into an argument over a g...
Charlie, competing with his rival's race car, o...
Amar, Prem and Meet are longtime friends who ha...
A down-on-his-luck coach is hired to prepare a ...
In 1997, Louis Theroux made a documentary about...
An exploration of the appeal of horror films, w...
Story of the life of Quentin Crisp, an Englishm...
Dramatization of the life of Quentin Crisp, aut...
A savage warrior escapes slavery and hunted by ...
Bandit (Brian Bloom) gets an unexpected and unw...
Joe Gower's job is skating through library shel...
While heading to the town where his sister, Mar...
Twenty-five years ago Adib (Alexander Siddig, S...
Rachel is a quick-witted and lovable stay-at-ho...
This essential new documentary pays tribute to ...
In a village on the Hungarian border, two young...
A gritty mind-bending thriller about three twen...
Twelve year-old Jamie Benjamin is a solitary mi...
A cattle buyer (Gene Autry), a federal agent (P...
Women will go to extreme lengths for those they...
An evil criminal organisation called Sigma kidn...
In a society where "celebutantes" like Paris Hi...
Two New York film editors balance their persona...
A nurse, a paramedic, a gymnast and her coach o...
Documentary following a generation of post-punk...
A documentary about a shocking case of HIV crim...
Four astronauts returning from mankind's first ...
A father's quiet retreat to the woods with his ...
Atomic scientist/pilot Doug Martin is missing a...
Giants Mollusks are released from the earth by ...
American boy Cody lives in Australia with his g...
A feature-length documentary centered around th...
A journey into the secret world of 76-year-old ...
Marco returns to Paris after his brother-in-law...
What does it mean to be a successful comedian? ...
An aging, booze-addled father takes a trip from...
A horror film that depicts St. Nicholas as a mu...
A mysterious diver hiding in Amsterdam's canal ...
Eva is a divorced soon-to-be empty-nester wonde...
A New Jersey guy dedicated to his family, frien...
It's the most mythic of all American emporiums ...
Set in a bustling bird city on the edge of the ...
Western remake of High Sierra with Joel McCrea ...
The morning of September 11, 2001 is shown thro...
Wanda Sykes has been called "one of the funnies...
To maintain his powers, the evil wizard Traigon...
Two private bankers, Alistair and Jamie, who ha...
The story is about Iris' rise to the apex of a ...
A demeaning game-show appearance, an ill-advise...
A film about a woman who doesn’t exist. Morocca...
A woman suffers from an unusual illness caused ...
Trip, a young roadie for Metallica, is sent on ...
A documentary about the rise of psychoanalysis ...
A young man, armed with a magical bow and arrow...
Jamie is a boorish, insensitive American twenty...
The movie De Nieuwe Wildernis is set in the Oos...
Filmmaker Alan Berliner documents his first cou...
In the final decades of the 20th century, the P...
A regular day in a Louisiana sugarcane plantati...
A woman reeling from the death of her parents b...
A telephone operator (Jean Parker) plays homici...
Vincent Doane is in the precarious position of ...
Amanda Crew stars as Leigh Parrish, a successfu...
A small town somewhere in India is poised to be...
Eight strangers engaged in an intense game of e...
The story unfolds about the murder of an old ma...
Christmas Day 2004, and across the Indian Ocean...
A young man recently released from prison recru...
Across a dirt road, the circus truck comes to a...
Three friends, finding themselves single on the...
A scanner discovers a plot by renegade elements...
A young female scanner turns from a sweet young...
In a teardrop-shaped land called Sangarashtra, ...
A criminal gang provokes the local Apaches in o...
Pontus is divorced and has custody of his child...
A horror comedy centered on a guy who learns th...
Covering issues such as America's unhealthy die...
A strait-laced British banker hires an eccentri...
A sense of order is the necessary basis of any ...
Five people - two Indian journalists, an Americ...
A story about a mentally ill man wrongfully acc...
In the early 1980s in India, a group of con art...
A teenage orphan spends ten years traveling to ...
Mathias, aboard a ship with his wife, sees a bo...
When a poor college student who cracks an onlin...
                                               NaN
Adele's life is changed when she meets Emma, a ...
A marriage counselor's personal and professiona...
Abandoned by her dreamer single mom, a teenage ...
During the 1970s a student named Gilles gets en...
In 1921 Dublin, the IRA battles the "Black &amp...
Summer war games between the neighborhood kids ...
Patagonia, 1960. A German physician meets an Ar...
A house at 10 thousand miles away from Buenos A...
Earthlings chafe at the peace established by a ...
After graduation, five friends set out to make ...
After the passing of her mother, a young woman ...
Kristof, an eccentric rich kid, tricks his high...
A large family gathers in the country side for ...
Muhammad Ali’s historic Supreme Court battle fr...
The Horatio Alger parable gets the film noir tr...
United by terrifying and bizarre circumstances,...
15 year-old Molly is top of her high school cla...
A man emerges from the slums of Rio to lead the...
                                               NaN
Germany 1939. Hans and Lene marry the day befor...
November 22nd, 1963 was a day that changed the ...
A blind teacher breaks the rules to help a fema...
U.S. Labor Secretary Robert Reich tries to rais...
The ups and downs of the popular music world ar...
A talented but troubled Edo Period swordsman, K...
Every 40 seconds a person goes missing. In nort...
In this rural revenge drama, Güney plays Seyyit...
To meet the desires and needs of the parents, a...
Two friends take two prostitutes for a night of...
Dr. Frankenstein's Granddaughter Maria, and her...
On The Job is about the ambitions and passions ...
Whilst documenting his life as a lowly intern, ...
Arthur unwittingly discovers the secret to stop...
Still mourning the death of her mother a few ye...
An all-star cast highlights this vibrant musica...
After the disastrous food storm in the first fi...
A major feature exclusively for digital, EXTRAC...
Upon his return to Alexandria, Khaled becomes i...
A cop, investigating the mysterious death of a ...
A woman inherits an abandoned ranch whose estat...
The ambiguous suicide of a local beauty, weathe...
Alex and Erica Boyer's marriage is in a crisis:...
Two gangbangers-turned-cops try and cover up a ...
Two wounded souls commiserate through drinking ...
           Stand up Special debuted July 20th 2013
In the year 1637 in Shimabara of Tokugawa-era J...
While traveling from California to Bangor throu...
The true story of Captain Richard Phillips and ...
A history of Nazi television programming and te...
Jean Valjean, convicted of stealing bread, is h...
At an international school in Jakarta, a philos...
Hitoshi Nagano (Kazuya Kamenashi), who works at...
John Pilger vividly reveals the brutality and m...
This tells a story literally 'hidden from histo...
A woman inexplicably finds herself cut off from...
An enigmatic young woman has been murdered in a...
On February 12, 2008, in Oxnard, California, ei...
Charlie B. Barker and Itchy Ford are back with ...
Another Harvest Moon is a tender drama about fo...
A buddy comedy about a fanatic small town footb...
Driving to a wedding in Los Angeles through the...
A young girl (Jade Pettyjohn) struggles to main...
He dazzled America for decades with his musical...
Dallas, Andrew, his girlfriend Taryn and Reese ...
Attila, the leader of the barbarian Huns and ca...
Interconnected stories are told entirely throug...
After his own daughter was killed in Panama in ...
Months after a zombie plague has wiped out 90 p...
A woman goes to previously all-male boarding sc...
Group of immigrant Haitian farm workers tries t...
Ex-Federale agent Machete is recruited by the P...
A provocative snapshot of the world we live in....
A bigoted junkie cop suffering from bipolar dis...
                              Film by Risto Jarva.
In Verona, bad blood between the Montague and C...
                                               NaN
Losing his memories of the last few days, neuro...
Davy and Ally have to re-learn how to live life...
In this darkly karmic vision of Arizona, a man ...
When a man dies of a heart attack, a stage and ...
Ernest Albright opens his eyeglass store in wha...
Pledging to keep herself from being the oldest ...
An obsessive fantasy nerd gradually becomes unh...
On Mother's Day in Taipei, Chen Mo makes a date...
The clumsy and unfunny clown Richard "Stitches"...
Ray Breslin is the world's foremost authority o...
While on a South Seas trip, a professor falls i...
Aaron, a young, successful Chinese businessman,...
A young pathology med student suspects that the...
The story of Danièle Delpeuch and how she was a...
An adaptation of the eponymous song by Renato R...
The peeping tom rom-com ‘How To Meet Girls From...
A physical therapist falls for the basketball p...
A feature film that tells the story of the dire...
In Paris around 1900, Georges Randal is brought...
Autumn 1978 in suburban Sweden. Everything seem...
A reimagining of the classic horror tale about ...
A dictatorial film director (Finch) hires an un...
A look at the relationship between WikiLeaks fo...
Progeria is an extremely rare and fatal disease...
When Patrick Moote's girlfriend rejects his mar...
An elderly couple move into an old, supposedly ...
Christian is a Copenhagen wine seller on the br...
A rich and successful lawyer named Counselor is...
Women go topless at a carwash company in order ...
 Farmers in Texas become brainwashed bloodsuckers.
Sardu runs the theatre of the macabre. Sardu is...
This eye-opening and bittersweet chronicle of t...
Focusing on the contemporary religious Right Wi...
More than two decades after catapulting to star...
Teenagers from a small town and their high scho...
The obvious inspiration for this short film is ...
On a flight home to Chicago for a family weddin...
In the small town of Crown Port local attorney ...
John flies over to Paris to find out his girlfr...
Gene returns from the East with new ranch owner...
Scientists Richard Dawkins and Lawrence Krauss ...
In a world of fake castles and anthropomorphic ...
During WWII, a human heart taken from Dr. Frank...
An investigation of the emotional and economic ...
Godzilla returns to terrorize Japan! This time,...
In his 13th film, Godzilla takes a supporting r...
A documentary crew accompany a group of illegal...
A youngster living in a stately home discovers ...
While stationed in Asia, six American G.I.'s wi...
Love triangle near roaring rapids. Two sisters ...
A new Mothra takes to the air and must battle D...
Two cops and a detective's daughter go after a ...
In 1977 a group of young, horny, out of control...
Five shipwrecked English teenagers take refuge ...
An awkward office drone becomes increasingly un...
When Mothra went into outer space to stop a met...
Bloom Towne is a small-town sheriff under the t...
In the pre-Civil War United States, Solomon Nor...
Raised by a single mother in a rural New Hampsh...
Musician and starving artist Robert reconsiders...
Leo the dishwasher falls in love with a bride o...
Child's Pose is a contemporary drama focusing o...
Revenge is a recurrent theme in thrillers, usua...
A murder in 1944 draws together the great poets...
A documentary of the decline of America. It fea...
The Sethna family resides in the hills of Panch...
A young girl zealously wants to go to school an...
Debtocracy seeks the causes of the Greek debt c...
Summer begins, Aku graduates high school and fa...
The story deals with the right to happiness and...
In the 1910s, beautiful young Silja loses both ...
The story of the Hakoah Vienna Jewish womens sw...
Neo-Nazi falls in love with a woman who has a b...
                                               NaN
North Korea is one of the world's most isolated...
While camping in Jasper Park up North Californi...
Its Barbershop for Rednecks. Bill is a bait sho...
Two American teenagers in search of cheap drugs...
In a cabin of the deep of the forest, a child a...
When a space probe crash-lands on a far-flung P...
In an effort to find an economic means of purif...
Bridegroom gives an intensely personal edge to ...
When a bag filled with money goes missing from ...
In 1939 a spaceship carrying four alien escaped...
Single mom Corrine discovers that her twins are...
Spinning Plates is a documentary about three ex...
Deep into a solo voyage in the Indian Ocean, an...
Attorney Wayne Fletcher and his secretary are h...
Mothra's twin nymphs and children from the city...
To save the world, Mothra goes back in time in ...
A story of a man who fakes his own death and as...
Based on a real-life case in 1925, two great la...
It's a movie for everyone whose life has been t...
A group of adventurers refloat a WWII German su...
Jeff Marx wants to study medicine and become a ...
Jennifer Barker plays a troubled woman who has ...
An alien criminal exiled to Earth in human form...
A street prostitute takes in an abused young wo...
                                               NaN
By coincidence rather then by design the swiss ...
Russia is being terrorized by an evil witch kno...
Based on the classic novel by Orson Scott Card,...
The rape of his teenage daughter instigated a v...
A retired police detective reluctantly returns ...
It is just another evening commute until the ra...
Musician Gabriel and dimpled dry-cleaning propr...
A thought-provoking documentary about the ill-f...
What starts out as a fun road trip for the Toy ...
An entertainer impersonates a look-alike banker...
Steve, revue producer in Rio de Janeiro, is sti...
On the last day of the first manned mission to ...
The young and self-confident Danny blufs at the...
Two couples, one Catholic, one Protestant, exis...
In 2001, China joined the World Trade Organizat...
When his wife's murderer is released due to a p...
Soledad, a girl tired of being a taxi driver in...
A successful artist, weary of Parisian life and...
86-year-old Irving Zisman is on a journey acros...
Ranvir and Rajiv are half brothers who own a hu...
Set in 1974, a pair of '60s radicals rely on th...
Thor fights to restore order across the cosmos…...
Candy and Ellie Jo are a pair of sexy bank robb...
A reformed drug addict travels to Italy to find...
Professor Jim Al-Khalili tells the electrifying...
A mobster orders an undercover FBI agent to tor...
Lydia is an overweight sales clerk in a trendy ...
Forty-two years after her first visit in Tokyo,...
Loosely based on the true-life tale of Ron Wood...
An art curator decides to seek revenge on his a...
During the confusing and conspiratorial Joseon ...
Marc Maron returns to his old stomping grounds ...
Such Hawks Such Hounds explores the music and m...
An English teacher brings soccer to a German sc...
Trinh, a mercenary, must complete a series of o...
Brandon, a respected street fighter, is forced ...
An unassuming pet photographer is thrown into s...
All Norah ever wanted to be was a reality TV st...
A hyperactive boy and his best friend, a slow-w...
Ariane and Hugo decide to exchange the lives th...
Director Julien Temple (The Great Rock 'n' Roll...
There is an author who has been dumped by his g...
This is a story about two homeless brothers (Za...
Four independent stories set in modern China ab...
With dazzling nature photography, Academy Award...
Set in 1960, the story follows the efforts of t...
Ariel, un jeune Juif français, décide de quitte...
In-depth documentary that uses Lenny Bruce's le...
George Bryan Brummel, a British military office...
A spirited cast kicks up its heels in a lively ...
Su-hyun wants to leave the syndicate and opens ...
An American girl on holiday in the English coun...
A failed New York playwright stages a suicide i...
A father struggles to keep his infant daughter ...
Brain scientist Professor Richard Davidson sets...
A loan shark is forced to reconsider his violen...
The documentary “Stuck” follows Americans' ques...
Canadian scientist Dr Geoff Burton takes up a p...
In this two-part Channel 4 series, Professor Ri...
Fifteen years ago, Ben Walker made a decision t...
Standup comedian Aziz Ansari ("Parks and Recrea...
Aziz Ansari channels his crude side taking on t...
24 Hours on Craigslist is a 2005 American featu...
Juan lives in clandestinity. Just like his mum,...
                                               NaN
Experimental filmmaker Pip Chodorov traces the ...
A small-town politician falls for an idealistic...
Miss Havisham, a wealthy spinster who wears an ...
Somm takes the viewer on a humorous, emotional ...
When a group of friends decides to follow a car...
In this irreverent, hilarious, adventurous budd...
After the appearance of a new Gojira (Godzilla)...
A massive underwater volcano erupts and puts a ...
A treasure map found by three young boys allows...
A young Brooklyn boy witnesses the brutal murde...
A dramatization of the assassination of Abraham...
This film tells (using modern day interviews an...
A famous opera singer (Mario Lanza) falls for h...
Bed and Breakfast is a romantic comedy about a ...
Five passengers embark on a Bahamas pleasure cr...
Michael, a Vietnam vet with two kids, pulls off...
Sweet and savvy talking golden retriever, Baile...
Count Drago invites over entertainers to his ca...
Ilya is a cripple without the use of his legs. ...
Based on Finnish mythology, this movie traces t...
On 31 January 1968, 31 North Korean commandos i...
A feature-length documentary about the making o...
Nazi POWs suspected of heinous acts are locked ...
Vampires have come out of the shadows and are l...
In Santa Cruz for the summer, a young woman dis...
Vaarala, a reserved romantic photographer, has ...
Three sixty-something friends take a break from...
In a tiny Alabama town with the curious name of...
In the brink of the 90s, 18-year-old Zheng Wei ...
Klaus is a young man in post-war Berlin. He is ...
A spoof movie that references The Hunger Games,...
Film biography of actor-comedian W.C. Fields, c...
Secret agent Julie Cosgrove is walking into her...
Logan Cates (Rory Calhoun) sets out to rescue a...
94-year-old New Yorker, Jack Beers, has broken ...
Three months ago, Piper met Mollie online. And ...
The true story of two New York City cops. Green...
Four young men have won a trip with their favor...
Set in Catalonia, Painless weaves two stories: ...
Will arrives for his last year at Military Acad...
Won Ton Ton, the Dog Who Saved Hollywood is a 1...
When Kyle (Jameson Baltes) and Evie (Brittney B...
Walter Paisley, a busboy at a cappuccino bar ca...
The gun-totin', Bible-thumpin' Preacher Man Bob...
CARD SUBJECT TO CHANGE: PRO WRESTLING'S UNDERGR...
In Stephen Tobolowsky’s Birthday Party film-mak...
                                No overview found.
In France, the disturbed and mysterious Alexand...
In 1458, five years after the fall of Constanti...
Before Prop 8, Milk or Will &amp; Grace, before...
SEDUCED AND ABANDONED combines acting legend Al...
Sebastiano teaches high school gym classes and ...
Thousands of participants in a San Francisco-ba...
Oliver Hayes, an aspiring animator whose confid...
1982's Video Game World Champions share their p...
Five passengers in a bus depot are waiting for ...
Aaron, a young misfit living in a remote Scotti...
A woman searches for her adult son, who was tak...
While subjected to the horrors of WWII Germany,...
When college friends reunite after 15 years ove...
The fates of an aging hitman and a washed up de...
Poland, 1962. Anna is a novice, an orphan broug...
Bröderna Hårdrock is a film about two brothers ...
Set in the 1930s, and narrated like a ballad fr...
Si Bongkok was born disfigured and a hunchback....
In Calcutta at the turn of the century, two fam...
Aningaaq, an Inuit fisherman camping on the ice...
The White Shadow is a British drama film direct...
20 years after his escape from Impel Down, the ...
Zephyr, now known as Z, rides the seas with onl...
Surfing charters are meant to be a trip to Para...
This is a story based on fact that follows a hu...
China O'brien; big city police woman; martial a...
Katniss Everdeen has returned home safe after w...
The Dwarves, Bilbo and Gandalf have successfull...
Based on the original 1941 movie from Japan, an...
In 17th-century Salem, Hester Prynne must wear ...
Michel, a retired math teacher, has lived alone...
Sadko is based on an opera by Nikolai Rimsky-Ko...
The amazing true story of Frédéric Bourdin, who...
Documentary written and presented by scientist ...
Based upon the actual cables between Washington...
Five young filmmakers retrace the steps of a do...
Charlie Brown, Linus and the entire Peanuts gan...
Vali Faruk Yazıcı'nın en son görev yeri Denizli...
The central objective of this film is to reveal...
In WikiRebels, we learn about the early hacker ...
A pilot testing an experimental new rocket powe...
Three scientists; a nuclear physicist, a rocket...
A young woman pretends to be a fortune teller i...
A heroin junkie works as a prostitute to suppor...
An affable underachiever finds out he's fathere...
While traveling abroad, a guy falls for a Roman...
                            A film by Jari Halonen
Driven by biological excess, a young man and wo...
After defeating the villainous Dr. Siddhant Ary...
After falling for Alicia, greedy and powerful M...
Experimental short film depicting the life, per...
A look into the underground world of traffickin...
America's favorite singing cowboy Gene Autry st...
Robert Ryan leads a group of Allied agents figh...
In this modern retelling of the classic horror ...
When Bill, the title character, secures a very ...
Writer/director/star Alex Karpovsky, a familiar...
A pair of criminals try to track down the kids ...
Five teenagers embark on a boating trip off the...
Depressing tale about a world of the undead and...
Time stops at midnight at the Senior Prom for f...
Joulubileet (The Christmas Party) might well be...
After witnessing a man's death in a bizzare acc...
A girl comes to terms with her mentally challen...
In the not too distant future, a very smoggy an...
Full-throttle melodrama about an ill-starred ro...
Dreams can make a life worth living, but they c...
Eighteen-year-old Esther has been deaf and blin...
After serving a 12-year sentence for killing th...
A detective probes the brutal murder of a woman...
A powerful gangster is murdered. However, All o...
A cop on vacation at a mountain resort comes to...
A young director intent on making "the greatest...
« Don't knock masturbation, it's sex with someo...
What would you get if you mix a gangster film a...
A deeply moving story about love, loss and lite...
A group of friends including Brady Turner, Clai...
Self-sufficient in life and successful in busin...
Young princess Anna of Arendelle dreams about f...
[Period covered: 1575-1681] Fist film in the Sh...
Out on a dead calm ocean, in a thick fog, a gro...
It's the engagement party for brilliant young D...
A retired cop becomes a DJ/celebrity at the Blu...
During a two-day period before and after the Un...
A small town sheriff (Tom Skerritt) has his sus...
Ariane Felder is pregnant! This is surprising w...
An alien is hunted by a gang of drunken hillbil...
A disaffected Texas teen spends his 16th birthd...
After housewife Ellen is raped by the janitor s...
A homicidal turkey axes off college kids during...
Fowl-mouthed villain Turkie carves through the ...
The Stranger is a literal (but still very cinem...
Circles (Serbian: Krugovi) is a Serbian movie b...
The film centres on a retired, widowed professo...
The top stars from the original London and Broa...
Pål dreams about becoming successful with his m...
In a quicksand surrounded town called Makka, ru...
In Greenwich Village in the early 1960s, gifted...
Ignacio Carrillo (Marciano Martínez) is a valle...
A New York stockbroker refuses to cooperate in ...
Phil Broker is a former DEA agent who has gone ...
A reporter and her cameraman connect a survivin...
In the near future Nassim, terrorist leader, st...
A married young academic falls under the sexual...
Emily and Andrew, a young couple living in Memp...
A story set in 1947 when Ukrainian right-wing a...
A recently released mental patient imagines him...
An officer accused of cowardice volunteers to b...
Filmmaker Jack McCoy delves into surfing's deep...
A journey of a Korean girl who wanders around E...
A chronicle of Nelson Mandela's life journey fr...
A look at the lives of the strong-willed women ...
A nuclear explosion in the far north unleashes ...
The adventures of a blind, gambling masseur and...
Returning to the village where a year before he...
As a child, Michael Walker wished every day cou...
Solomon, who belongs to a band, is in love with...
Born out of wedlock early in the last century, ...
A 14-year-old boy in a stifling Helsinki slum t...
When a comet strikes Earth and kicks up a cloud...
A naive college student loses a scholarship at ...
Tortured by the ghosts of the demonized insane ...
14 years after third impact, Ikari Shinji awake...
France, a factory worker, lives with her three ...
By day Gerri Dandridge is a sexy professor, but...
In the late 1800s, a fanatical religious leader...
Two French Canadian ne’er-do-wells travel to Ne...
A brother and sister are plane-wrecked in Canad...
Inventor Tim Jenison seeks to understand the pa...
Since the assassination of Dr. George Tiller in...
A chronicle of the life, work and mind that cre...
A decade after they graduated from high school ...
After a treacherous expedition to retrieve a gi...
Moving from England to California, the youngest...
A con man, Irving Rosenfeld, along with his sed...
A timid magazine photo manager who lives life v...
In the not so distant future, Theodore, a lonel...
Wishing to find peace, Zatoichi travels to his ...
After arriving in the town of Shimonita, Ichi f...
Sisters Yoshie and Kikue are two Geisha who are...
2 quirky Manhattanites crash into each other cu...
Newly-promoted if none too happily married Howa...
Abu Raed is an old airport janitor who has alwa...
The Man You Had in Mind explores the intimate l...
What if you got back home... and there was nobo...
Isabelle, a 17-year-old student, loses her virg...
The Great Ak calls a council of the Immortals t...
Carmina, 58, runs a shop selling Iberian produc...
                           Short WW II documentary
When the single middle-aged Luis travels from B...
Mr. and Mrs. Martin Johnson take a flying trip ...
Three teens get into the drug business when the...
Zatoichi is mentored by the blind leader of a s...
Factual drama exploring the truth behind the sp...
The life story of basketball sensation, Jeremy ...
On the eve of his wedding, a successful writer ...
Alejandro Tazo, a 30-something Chilean, arrives...
"If I could work my will, every idiot that goes...
A man awakes-- without memory -- in a pit full ...
The government sets up a zombie squad after an ...
In 1939, a group of Finnish soldiers defend the...
Selänne is a documentary about Teemu Selänne—th...
Workaholic reporter, Jack Elgin takes his famil...
Smith, a mob informer hiding out with the Witne...
Tender romantic comedy about an aspiring musici...
Directed by Tony Award-winner and frequent Sond...
Jordan Donavan, a photographer in New York, is ...
A look at the life of activist, musician, and c...
A renegade doctor is shot dead and entombed wit...
During a fictional series of Big Brother, a zom...
Three escaped convicts take a group of deaf stu...
As the perpetually lecherous Ataru and his frie...
A 17-year-old boy buys mini-cameras and display...
Pianomania takes the audience on a humorous jou...
Based on the failed June 28, 2005 mission "Oper...
One of the best-loved holiday stories of all ti...
Miser Ebenezer Scrooge is awakened on Christmas...
After Timmy Turner causes Santa amnesia he must...
Zatoichi is sworn to protect the life of a youn...
At Goodkind High School, a group of students of...
Germany in the early 19th century. "Die Vermess...
Focusing on ten Michelin 3 Star chefs, Three St...
After 10 years as a maker of short fiction, doc...
Domingos is a member of an African liberation m...
For the first time in 35 years, Daniel Lutz rec...
Set in the "not-too distant future", martial la...
The television movie is set in the city of Dimm...
In 2009, Alex Gibney was hired to make a film a...
A Montreal police inspector (Donald Sutherland)...
This special one-off drama travels back in time...
After several years in an insane asylum, Evelyn...
The year is 2306… 12 years ago, Captain Kirk wa...
Author P.L. Travers travels from London to Holl...
In Shinto religion, in order to make something ...
After getting fired from his current job as a p...
A young farmer in Central France tries to susta...
A crazed scientist keeps the heads of Nazi war ...
In a post-apocalyptic New York City, three trib...
Young boy is magically transported back in time...
Ichi travels to the village of Itakura to pay h...
Blind masseur Zatoichi is nursed back to health...
Sam loves facts. He wants to know about UFOs an...
Documentary footage (from the 1950's) and accom...
Twenty-five films from twenty-five European cou...
In 1942, in Vilna, the Nazi annihilate 55,000 J...
When AIDS struck in the early 1980s, a scientis...
At a party, someone goes insane and murders thr...
Blind swordsman/masseuse Zatoichi befriends a y...
By 1820, Edmund Kean is the most admired Shakes...
A series of interviews featuring linguist, phil...
A drama about a woman who seems able to overcom...
A thief is caught up in a deadly game of cat-an...
Revolves around a British military contractor L...
A troubled young woman becomes obsessed with he...
On Christmas Eve in the Arizona desert, a middl...
Set in 1920's Vienna, this a tale of a little g...
When Captain Fred Roberts discovered a printing...
Set in 1969, Abel Shaddick, a crotchety deli ow...
When medical student Marty places an ad for a r...
Two campers in the New Jersey woods have their ...
A detective investigates a series of murders th...
Sequel to "Those Magnificent Men In Their Flyin...
Old houses in Zagreb are destroyed in order to ...
Documentary about Ivan Thompson, self-proclaime...
Grégoire Moulin, a shy accountant, sets up a bl...
A gang of pirates rape the two sole survivors o...
A woman is taken to a mysterious clinic whose p...
Blind swordsman Zatoichi, jailed briefly, is im...
Itinerant masseur and master swordsman, the bli...
                     Documentary about horror fans
When stowaways are found on board a Russian car...
Seven friends are going camping at the infamous...
Based on an astonishing true incident that took...
Frederick sees a photograph of a ruined seaside...
Sir Hugo is more interested in reconstructing d...
Some unknown source has interrupted all televis...
                  The final days of Hank Williams.
A documentary on the history of the song "Hava ...
At the center of one of Hollywood's most notori...
A philandering husband unknowingly falls back i...
Simon and Kamina live in an underground city mo...
Seven years after the defeat of the spiral king...
In Havana, Raul dreams of escaping to Miami. Ac...
Lady and Tramp's mischievous pup, Scamp, gets f...
An everyday man has only three and a half days ...
This mock documentary uses archival footage, in...
Rodolfo Guerra, father of three daughters, wake...
A young honeymooning couple stop for the night ...
In this Frenco-Italian gangster parody, a shop ...
Franz, the local police officer in a tiny bavar...
Zatoichi makes friends with a dangerous chess p...
Zatoichi comes upon a dying man who asks him to...
Our hero Zatoichi sails to one of the distant i...
With the 70s behind him, San Diego's top rated ...
Our healthcare system is broken. Potent forces ...
April 14, 1865. One gunshot. One assassin hell-...
The story of Freda Kelly, a shy Liverpudlian te...
A psychotherapist helps a law student cope with...
Athens - Greece - The age of Economic crisis De...
Fai, once a world champion in boxing, escapes t...
In her first-ever HBO solo special, Sarah Silve...
Alice, a young translator, finds the real world...
A blocked screenwriter, Ezio (Fabio De Luigi), ...
Mike Tyson's one-man show is a fascinating jour...
Having broken racial and sexual boundaries as a...
Frank Michaelson, well respected President of t...
The greedy nephew of eccentric Matilda Reid see...
Terror reigns when Mimi, the son of a deported ...
In a future where a failed global-warming exper...
Bogdan Titarenko is very talented pilot and bra...
6-grader Kolya Gerasimov discovers a time machi...
In this comic but dated story, nerdy Shurik tra...
Inside a quarantined apartment building a man m...
Does hell exist? If so, who ends up there, and ...
We are introduced to 1931. A body is being burn...
A group of tenants and visitors are trapped in ...
A rock band becomes embroiled in foreign affair...
A teenager is stuck in a time loop that is not ...
Moses Wine, Richard Dreyfuss, at home one night...
A group of bad cops look to dispose of a body t...
When Gonzo forgets to mail three letters to San...
                                               NaN
A high school diver fights his fear of heights ...
During Christmas' holidays, the children of a v...
Fight everyone and trust no one: it's the code ...
A middle-aged couple, on the verge of proceedin...
A successful professional baseball player gets ...
This movie is about a navy Lieutenant named Joh...
Cale Bryant is determined to win a coveted spot...
"James Gandolfini: Tribute To A Friend" will de...
In the Mexican-Guatemalan border, young teenage...
Fame today is more than an obsession. Fame has ...
A middle-aged woman, traumatized from the death...
Punk's Dead, the sequel to 1999 cult hit SLC Pu...
A martial arts fighter, haunted by his past, ta...
In a social context deteriorated by a countrywi...
Western frontiers of the USSR, 1942. The region...
A smart teenage girl comes of age in a small to...
The Interrogator Erik Backstrom (Rolf Lassgård)...
Following the events of The Sheriff and the Sat...
As the permafrost melts in Alaska, underground ...
People disappear every year out in the snow--bu...
On the day before their holiday trip to Dubai, ...
Wren is invited to a Halloween party by her cru...
A dying 15-year-old boy draws stories of an inv...
                                               NaN
After her sister and brother-in-law's tragic de...
A comedy that follows an ex-con who lands a pos...
Malla and her husband are moving apart. When Ma...
                         Finnish soft erotic movie
Dimitris, a 23 yr. old swimming champion, meets...
Jo lives in the shadow of his older brother. Am...
Fifteen-year-old Céline knows more about life t...
                                     Not Available
                                               NaN
Tobias is the new, idealistic priest in a subur...
Because of its name, the small Austrian town of...
At first glance Maarit looks like any other wom...
                                               NaN
Kim is a 15-year-old outsider who wears sombre ...
Two young guys in a bar hit on the woman they f...
After eight months of hyper-sleep, when Christo...
Originally broadcast live on October 31, 1987, ...
After an unexpected tragedy, Suzanne searches f...
France’s Bordeaux region has long commanded res...
Piano teacher Roya (Mahnaz Afshar) realizes tha...
It is about life of a young couple who want to ...
Progressive and talented Natasha and Roma dream...
The story of Rob Cole, a boy who is left a penn...
A high school valedictorian who gets baked with...
The tragic story of Don Jose, a Spanish cavalry...
Before they can complete renovations on their n...
For 40 years Bruce Springsteen has influenced f...
Pursued by 2,000 US soldiers and cavalry, Chief...
The Glass Agency is the story of a war veteran ...
The story is about the world of a small family ...
Adapting a Dutch bestseller inspired by a shock...
Isabella Eklöf is an unemployed actress in her ...
Borgman is the central character in Alex van Wa...
A teenage girl is terrorized when she spends tw...
A boy finds a strange creature on a beach, and ...
Trinity series star Bud Spencer returns to the ...
They're two best friends, a million miles from ...
Zatoichi comes upon the town of Tonda, overrun ...
Five female convicts are recruited to secretly ...
Nine frustrated young architects in an equally ...
In this acutely observed and sharply written de...
The astonishing debut feature from Greek filmma...
Beautiful PR woman Maria finds herself trapped ...
Special ops interrogation officer Jimmy Vickers...
One moment some 80 people are walking on a big ...
During the World War II, the prisoners of a Ger...
After learning of an urban legend in which a de...
Thomas and Hanna, a deliriously happy couple in...
The morphine-addicted detective Charlie Daines ...
The film follows a boy and the relationship bet...
Aarno Lamminparras hijacked an airplane with a ...
Things are not looking good for Brook, a young,...
Is this possible to reconcile individual happin...
Harris Glenn Milstead, aka DIVINE (1945-1988) w...
A pair of aging boxing rivals are coaxed out of...
A backstage and on-stage look at Justin Bieber ...
A gang of bikers headed by the cool-headed and ...
When Marvin Hamlisch passed away in August 2012...
Meat the Truth is a high-profile documentary wh...
Yearning to leave behind his life of misfortune...
Colin MacLeod hunts for the man responsible for...
Featuring Michael Pollan and based on his best-...
By the People: The Election of Barack Obama is ...
This production of "The Pirates of Penzance" bo...
Riveting look at the politics, big business and...
It’s been 20 years since the corporations took ...
The feature film produced by Solar Films has th...
A documentary about the rise of six youth team ...
Nick Malloy portrays an Emergency Medical Techn...
Italian Gothic horror that tells the tale of a ...
The wolf dog, White Fang, aids a reporter, a fu...
Finland's most daring musician, the accordionis...
A grown man is still caught in the crossfire of...
Two best friends (Kate and Chloe) embark on a c...
The Demonic Toys are back, so policewoman Judit...
As a reward from a jilted millionairess, Davis ...
The Dungeon Masters explores the subculture of ...
Seventeen-year-old Jesse has been hearing terri...
After being around for centuries and now living...
The story takes place in feudal Japan, when any...
Using an atomic reactor, Two scientists try to ...
In a suburb of Strasbourg, Alsace, France, ten ...
Inspired by the real-life serial Killer, B.T.K ...
A young man who is charged with child molestati...
A close friend of MacGyver is murdered. In sear...
Vegucated is a guerrilla-style documentary that...
                                               NaN
In post-Partition India, a Muslim businessman a...
Considered by some as the first modern Spanish ...
A shy comic book fan is injected with an experi...
A group of leather-clad bikers are on the trail...
Cold Trail is a thriller that revolves around a...
Based on the novel by Maria Gripe, this is the ...
A young couple and their daughter move into a r...
During World War II the passenger liner "Goliat...
Bernie Casey portrays Tyrone and Pamela Grier p...
A turn of the century wild west show struggling...
In 2020, after the colonization of the moon, th...
Explores the music scene in Greenwich Village, ...
A mistaken delivery in Mumbai's famously effici...
Ten-year-old Jojo lives with his father, a secu...
While changing clothes in a getaway car, escape...
A team of men and women investigate the mysteri...
Federal Service Agent Justin Vanier has been as...
It was a brutal murder that sent deranged psych...
Husband, wife, and daughter have moved from Bos...
World War II has long provided fodder for Europ...
Matthias Bleuel, a logistician of a german mail...
            A documentary about voice-over actors.
THE FALLEN is a three-sided story about German,...
Eric Binford watches a lot of movies. He is the...
A look at the life of French designer Yves Sain...
A hot young Wall Street trader finds a formula ...
Two couple of friends, one very rich the other ...
Mental Patient terrorizes her Psychiatrist who ...
Ray Liotta stars as Jack Malloy, a hardcore car...
In the wake of the Mexican Revolution, a band o...
In 1857, at the height of his fame and fortune,...
In this hilarious crime comedy, a gifted 12-yea...
The events of Battle of Gods take place some ye...
The real life story of Andres Lopez Lopez aka "...
In the small village where Amadeo lives there i...
An outrageous cut-rate producer, Charlie LaRue ...
Robert Saunters, a mechanic is knocked unconsci...
LEE Hae-myung is proud to be the most modern bo...
Tim Devon was born out of wedlock and that his ...
Wanted north of the border, Jess Carlin resides...
New York stenographer Marilyn David meets Engli...
A penniless socialite is hired by two young men...
Grant Jordan, bachelor botany professor, marrie...
Ryota Nonomiya is a successful businessman driv...
A victim from World War II's "Death Railway" se...
Just when you thought it was safe to go back to...
A band of renegade Apaches attempts to steal a ...
During the last two years of her life, Princess...
The We and the I is the heartfelt and comical s...
In this reimagining of the 2010 Mexican film of...
A Super Namekian named Slug comes to invade Ear...
For the first time in more than 3 decades, this...
Dill leaves Mary standing at the altar in order...
A girl visiting her sister in Hollywood hopes f...
Jennie is a twelve-year-old girl living with he...
Rip Smith's opinion-poll business is a failure....
A married woman in 1890s Louisiana meets a hand...
An intimate story set during the 1860s in which...
It is 1944 and the D-Day invasion has failed, G...
How to become a man when your mother and your c...
The life story of ‘Zen Anarchist’ filmmaker Joh...
The story takes place towards the end of the fi...
During the Civil War, Confederate soldiers esca...
                                               NaN
When 21 year-old Leo, the oldest of four brothe...
Victor Sluzhkin signs on as a teacher of geogra...
Serving as a more faithful adaptation of the Po...
Percy Nilegaard collects Swedish single men and...
A drama focused on Norwegian society in the 197...
This documentary delves into the art of make-up...
Auggie wants to make it big and has tried prett...
America's three top leisure-time activities com...
The film tracks legendary swimmer Diana Nyad’s ...
Xavier is a 40-year-old father of two who still...
Three college friends go to the biggest party o...
"Monica Z" is a biopic about the Swedish singer...
A retelling of Dragon Ball's origin with a diff...
As a child, Lenore was tormented by nightmares ...
The Driver is hired by a nervous movie manager ...
Wong Kar-Wai  reprises his futuristic mood from...
Honest Man: the Life of R. Budd Dwyer is a movi...
Sammy and Ray, leatherback turtles and friends ...
Unscrupulous women marry servicemen for their pay.
In this sword-and-sorcery extravaganza, a group...
What appears to be a grand love story turns sou...
Kurdish-Iranian poet Sahel has just been releas...
Reza is a petty thief who escapes jail by posin...
Ann, an attractive widowed New York model, live...
While waiting for directions, two revolutionari...
When Campbell, a vehicle-less 20-something slac...
This candid New York love story explores the ch...
When zombies overrun San Francisco, a desperate...
Direct cinema pioneer Frederick Wiseman takes a...
An unlikely hero, Elwood P. Dowd. This mild-man...
Four mathematicians are gathered and meet with ...
For the past two years, high-school security gu...
The body of unscrupulous stockbroker Gerald Par...
A hockey enthusiast since 12 years of age, Toro...
U.S. nuclear tests in space, and the developmen...
Jack Ryan, as a young covert CIA analyst, uncov...
In a world divided into factions based on perso...
Grief? Depression? Ambiguity in a Paris hotel r...
Kon Ichikawa's retelling of the classic true st...
This is the story of Starflight One, the world'...
When up-and-coming District Attorney Mitch Broc...
Heavy Metal Parking Lot documents heavy metal m...
Primo is an ordinary middle-class youngster stu...
1967-1976. As one of history's greatest fashion...
In a futuristic society, contestants pit their ...
Stranded in the midst of a zombie apocalypse, a...
A young girl gets involved with a crowd that sm...
The Square, a new film by Jehane Noujaim (Contr...
When reporter Dan Geraldo (Alain Chabat) arrive...
Psychic Ally Sheedy helps police solve murders ...
High school student turns out to be personifica...
An unexpected pregnancy takes a terrifying turn...
When Banker Till (Axel Stein) is kidnapped duri...
From the makers of All.I.Can comes the new feat...
                                               NaN
Director Michael Winnick's chilling tale stars ...
The new frontier of Venus has degenerated into ...
                                               NaN
Mysterious bomber is planting explosive devices...
A woman is haunted by recurring nightmares, whi...
                                               NaN
Follows the misadventures of a group of young i...
Three childhood friends set aside their persona...
A young man born out of an incestuous relations...
Saturday 24th December 1994. Four GIA terrorist...
Blake and his mother Roxy live in Charlotte, NC...
Flight 93 is a 2006 made-for-TV film, directed ...
This Mexican crime melodrama was released in En...
A con artist falls for the rich widow he's tryi...
A Cincinnati museum director goes on trial in 1...
A fond remembrance of and tribute to the unique...
The tragic death of a beautiful young girl star...
A gripping and intense thriller about honour, l...
Johan is a two-fisted Gothenburg cop who finds ...
Joseph Rouletabille (Bruno Podalydès), a report...
The story of a man who has stopped drinking- an...
A crazed zoologist uses zoo animals to dispose ...
WBLA is on the air, presenting the live music, ...
It is the end of the school year for the childr...
Four gay French expatriots share a business in ...
A group of friends stranded near a desolate cor...
"The Rock-afire Explosion" is the story of a sm...
Photographer struggles to make enough money to ...
The engaging and sentimental tale begins when t...
                                               NaN
Liza falls in love with one of her father's emp...
When the fun of double dating begins to grow ol...
Set in the not so distant future, in Any Town U...
Lawyer Stephen Blume, specialized in divorces, ...
Experimental allegorical story about a group of...
A simple burglary spirals violently out of cont...
After a blow to the head, Abby decides she can'...
Quintanilla family was found dead in their coun...
In this swords-and-sorcery tale, good-hearted b...
The lives of a breast-cancer patient and a rese...
                                               NaN
Aunt Calliopi returns to Greece from Chicago af...
A repo man tries to deliver a repossessed Jagua...
FOREVER HARDCORE is fearless in exposing the tr...
The brutality of winter and the power of the mi...
Alexandra Pelosi travels through the United Sta...
From the front-lines of conflicts in Mexico, Ar...
                                               NaN
Winona, a successful artist looking to get away...
Helen and Ken are a pretty strange couple. She ...
The world is under attack by an alien armada le...
A group of aliens from another planet head for ...
Niamh is the lone survivor of a bloody massacre...
A story about a woman willing to do anything an...
One worker in a bankrupt factory finds an unusu...
Three cousins travel to the village where they ...
Yeh Jawaani Hai Deewani features two polar oppo...
From the director of Koyaanisqatsi, an astonish...
Italian-French-British TV film targeting the US...
A journey inside the world of a legend of moder...
The Nazi propaganda mastermind behind Hitler sp...
In the early years of the 20th Century, two Bri...
They travel round the world gathering data on p...
Guner Sernikli is a government official who, wi...
A propaganda film made during the Spanish Civil...
JW is serving hard time in prison and strugglin...
In America’s basketball heartland, four resilie...
'The Oilprince' is an unscrupulous businessman....
Celestine is a little mouse trying to avoid a d...
Brady Sutton returns from three years in prison...
A 91 years old carpenter, who is still in compl...
An aspiring tennis player is taken under the wi...
Malik has a lot on his plate when he returns ho...
Preston Foster plays Scott Miller, a successful...
In this French tour-de-force a young student (J...
After Jake Tilton is given a mystical "monkey's...
A filmmaker is granted unprecedented access to ...
20 years after Calvin and Hobbes stopped appear...
It's an action-packed thriller that borders on ...
When Japanese organized crime imbeds itself wit...
A scientist taints his mother's scientific expe...
A man is hired to run a bank which turns out to...
The LA police department have a special team of...
Julien and his mum care for each other very muc...
The film bears witness to German artist Anselm ...
A futuristic, sensitive tale of adventure and c...
On the trail of a missing friend who had been e...
In the 70s two brothers battle killer waves, co...
Three women are going on a trip that leaves inc...
A thief takes the job as a town sheriff in orde...
The story of a family caught up in the American...
Alice Lantins is 38, ambitious and so committed...
Can a ruthless mass killer become a messenger o...
Police officer Patty Butler, alias "Chicklet," ...
A forty year old woman who was vacationing in G...
The life and career of renowned magician and sl...
A sort of "Divorce Finnish Style," Mika Kaurism...
In "America," Dr. Maureen Brennan, a psychiatri...
A New York playboy, Wayne Carter, dates wild wo...
Backstreet Dreams is the story of a man, who ha...
A teenager (Adam Arkin) becomes a werewolf afte...
Susan Anspach stars in this comedy as a news re...
200 years after his shocking creation, Dr. Fran...
A shy duelist stumbles upon the legendary Red E...
After falling through a time-slip, Yusei Fudo (...
Set just after the American civil war, business...
When a meteor crashes to earth, out of it emerg...
Frank Banner used to specialize in helping Sovi...
Marines prepare to invade Iraq at the beginning...
Gabriel Higgs has failed to get into Johns Hopk...
Charles is the owner of a photo-shop. He is not...
A straight-laced pharmacist's uneventful life s...
A small town, desperate to recover from hard ec...
James Murphey is a rugged cryptozoologist, who ...
A mild-mannered college professor discovers a l...
The war in Vietnam is announced to finish. Amer...
Tapestries of Hope is the story of filmmaker Mi...
In the '40s, three brothers decide to live a gr...
Catarina Menezes is a bisexual TV reporter who ...
                                               NaN
A series of brutal murders puts the lives of th...
It is a Saturday in autumn, and Karin and Simon...
William Kunstler was one of the most famous law...
Loyalty, history and regret take center stage f...
In the southeast region of Turkey, the Altun fa...
Seeking US citizenship, a Viennese refugee arra...
When millionaire businessman Ted Billings (Glen...
Summertime. A cruising spot for men, tucked awa...
Depressed single mom Adele and her son Henry of...
A young man travels to an isolated farm for his...
Paulo, a young pianist, meets Ilir, a double-ba...
Pim lives in a run-down house in a dead-end str...
On the mystical island of Themyscira, a proud a...
After the sudden death of their father, four ch...
Bill Whipple is a happy-go-lucky mechanic for M...
An unfortunate bank robber takes an escaped men...
Machines have taken over, but left humans think...
Two very different women, both in their 40s wit...
A black comedy of violent criminals who terrori...
After the Club Med and skiing, what happened to...
Hotheaded laborer B.J. Hammer can't go long wit...
At the height of the cold war, the C.I.A. secre...
Two prisoners escape with the help of their jai...
A gang of crazed punkers breaks into a family's...
Brian is a television writer-producer who has t...
A 12-year-old cartographer secretly leaves his ...
Documents the lives of Break Dancers in Guatema...
For America, the Vietnam War is over. Johnny do...
An ex-marine returns to Vietnam when he learns ...
Its the summer of 1974. Four friends have plann...
A beautiful woman hires an intrepid adventurer ...
In the future, two television networks compete ...
A robber escapes from prison with a single obje...
The cream of New York new wave/punk filmed live...
Sadie and Kevin have decided to spend a romanti...
What starts off as a conventional travelogue tu...
Jorge is a writer for a left-leaning Buenos Air...
Breathtaking in its subtle beauty, Harvest is a...
Gao-bing works in a bakery in a small town. The...
Cowabunga! Catch a perfect wave of fun in the s...
When an archaeological expedition opens an anci...
Asier and I grew up in the Basque Country. But ...
Socialite Carol Morgan romps through the depres...
When a local gambling house kidnaps some peasan...
Ichi is staying at an inn when a woman dies. He...
Aliens kidnap two children and take them to ano...
Gloria is a 58-year-old divorcée. Her children ...
Cesar is a young schoolboy living in Paris with...
Navy SEALS mount an attack on Colombian special...
A couple from Estonia visits a town in Sweden. ...
A young American man is transported back to Lon...
Though RKO Radio Pictures was, in 1951, still f...
Based on the true story of the greatest treasur...
Two women get on the highway heading to Santa F...
An ordinary Lego mini-figure, mistakenly though...
Beautiful high society type Doris Worthington i...
A young American girl visits Paris accompanied ...
Paris 2011. Alex is 27. He's lives off dealing ...
A 12 year old cold case is reopened when three ...
In RoboCop, the year is 2028 and multinational ...
Mara and Manoa are both upstanding and religiou...
Crunch Calhoun, a third-rate motorcycle daredev...
Young Mary Rainey takes the reins of her deceas...
Aiden (Josh Lawson) craves a better life. A lif...
Screen superstars Clark Gable ("Gone With The W...
Rocky and Dan, war buddies, are prowl car cops ...
The continuation of Joe's sexually dictated lif...
A young boy comes of age in the most peculiar o...
A Swedish family found murdered in her home on ...
Blanche Dubois goes to visit her pregnant siste...
Blanche Dubois goes to visit her pregnant siste...
Steve is a talented gymnast who has given up co...
A New York couple and their Midwestern friends ...
In 1942, in an occupied Paris, the apolitical g...
Finnish black metal is known for it's extreme v...
“Tukkijoella” (Log River – 1928). Films of this...
1920. Jean Rezeau and his elder brother were li...
September 1960: on a purely punitive basis, eig...
Eddie "Gonzo" Gilman is starting a revolution. ...
A psychopath takes a job as a handyman at the h...
A girl enlists a psychic to get rid of her murd...
A detective teams with a tabloid psychic to tra...
The eruption of the Icelandic volcano Eyjafjall...
                                               NaN
An American commando who's the sole survivor of...
  A haunting look at children watching television.
Schooled: The Price of College Sports is a comp...
Three best friends and dedicated roleplayers ta...
Timmy meets a girl mouse and they set off to fi...
It is the last day of school for Christian and ...
Ten people are invited for a weekend by a Mr U....
Alper is in his mid 30s and a good chef at his ...
                                               NaN
  A Finish silent feature about gypsy romance.....
Brash boxer Cassius Clay burst into the America...
From beyond the grave, celebrated playwright An...
Intrigued by the legendary Mexican military lea...
In "Sabotage", Arnold Schwarzenegger leads an e...
An undercover agent is assigned by his corrupt ...
Disa's husband has found himself a new love and...
In 2006, with the ever looming dangers of the u...
Similar to the dual nation setting of Dilwale D...
Mehrollah is a 14-year-old boy who is forced to...
Set right before Christmas, Niko the reindeer m...
When the most mischievous resident of Rolli Vil...
A genie turned mortal after his many failures i...
Unblinking and unsettling, this documentary lay...
Jessica Barrett, wife and mother of two young c...
A film about the controversial world of exotic ...
There’s only one person who so accurately perso...
Documentary about sixteen actors who detail the...
Four lost souls decide to end their lives on th...
                                               NaN
An enigmatic actress (Emmanuelle Seigner) may h...
The lovely Laura, on a modelling job in South A...
Spoiled 18-yr-old Dani Fielding's world is turn...
Mainlander &amp; financial analyst Cheng Zixin ...
A expedition goes in search of a party lost the...
Amy, a naive college graduate who believes she'...
Two guys who make a pact to lose their virginit...
Giovanni currently lives a dreary life of near ...
A computer hacker's goal to discover the reason...
A privileged girl and a charismatic boy's insta...
A burglar falls for an heiress as she dies in h...
"Cavemen" is a comedic film with a slight edge ...
At a climate research station in the Alps, the ...
Down a seedy city street in her neighborhood, y...
When Idaho Legislator Curtis Bowers wrote a "le...
Ruth is an unusual character in the Bible. Firs...
             Rock concert to protest nuclear arms.
The surface of the Earth is under attack, thous...
On the 11th Annual National Day of Silence, Eri...
When American soldiers inadvertently steal Atti...
Takes place over the course of one feverish nig...
On her way home from an evening shift at a men'...
Three ghosts try to help two young lovers whom ...
Anglo-Indian Victoria Jones seeks her true iden...
Combining some elements of The Rainbow with Wom...
Two mismatched cops team up to investigate the ...
The rough-hewn boss of a lumber crew courts tro...
In 1981, after the successful test of a submari...
A young man living in a cold southern village i...
                                               NaN
                                               NaN
Jaguar, a kind of road movie on foot, tells of ...
When his journal of bright ideas is stolen, col...
In Cameron, a group of hunters is attacked by a...
Indie folk heroes Edward Sharpe &amp; The Magne...
John Lobert runs a training camp in Florida for...
The Insane Clown Posse heads back to the Wild W...
                                No overview found.
The Summit is a 2012 documentary film about the...
The year is 1986. Gorgeous Ladies of Wrestling ...
As children, British actor Paul Blackthorne and...
                                               NaN
Charlotte (Catherine Deneuve) flies to East-Afr...
A struggling motel owner and her daughter are t...
Choukri, alias Chouchou, a transvestite Maghreb...
A man is abandoned by his wife and then falls i...
A trio of friends scheme to find a wife for the...
Toru Aizawa, a 11 year old boy suddenly finds a...
Three characters living in an unfinished painti...
For the first time a documentary examines the g...
"We are the renters of this world, not its mast...
Beginning just after the bloody Sioux victory o...
When Cody gets lost while exploring in the wood...
Two ice skaters develop a love-hate relationshi...
In 1904, Doc Tilbee, medicine show huckster and...
A group of Union Army soldiers is charged with ...
A married father of two tells his wife and teen...
Lake is an unusual boy: he is a young man with ...
A car full of irresponsible youths hit a woman ...
The kingdom of Takicardie quakes under the rule...
In November 2009, French security van driver To...
Nightmare Factory, directed by Donna Davies (Zo...
Magic &amp; Bird: A Courtship of Rivals is a 20...
A modern reimagining of the classic romantic co...
The Grand Budapest Hotel tells of a legendary c...
Beneath Bruce Garrett's under-confident, overwe...
Life of a King is the true story of one man's m...
A quixotic artist hypothesizes about why he fee...
Vilified by some and venerated by others as the...
An insomniac actress is facing the waning days ...
Two former cops start investigating the series ...
A drama centered around the employees of a Nanj...
Based on the true story of teenager James Burns...
A gritty coming of age thriller about a young g...
Christina Milian stars as sassy cheer captain L...
                                               NaN
Mater, the rusty but trusty tow truck from Cars...
Let's face it, rats are not the most beloved cr...
Dug's Special Mission will give "a little bit o...
They are people who have important significance...
A serial killer unleashes his blood lust at a r...
A big new home, a lovely wife and a new job see...
Based on the Mario Mendoza's book and inspired ...
THE EDUCATION OF MOHAMMAD HUSSEIN is an intimat...
[Period covered: 1582-1594]. As the film opens,...
José Sirgado, filmmaker in his thirties, has co...
Chantal Akerman, the Belgian filmmaker, lives i...
The drama, the story of three childhood friends...
Right before her wedding, a young woman finds h...
After a tempest, fishermen do not find only fis...
Based on the memoirs of Yvonne S. Thornton, thi...
Romain Faubert is a 39 year old, single, medica...
Víctor receives an unusual proposal, to carry 7...
                                               NaN
Newly engaged, Thomas meets his future father-i...
Moments before his comeback performance, a conc...
The Dai-bosatsu toge trilogy is based on Kaizan...
The sequel to Daibosatsu tôge  (1960) and the s...
Disguised as a beggar monk, Ryunosuke is harass...
To impress the girl he loves, a poor country bo...
Best pals Jason and Daniel indulge in casual fl...
Coming of age story about two inner city youths...
Interstellar chronicles the adventures of a gro...
In "An Amish Murder", the peaceful Amish farmin...
A place: Theresienstadt. A unique place of prop...
While celebrating with her friends in her new c...
A woman uncovers sinister secrets while investi...
The world's ten most influential scientists are...
After years of poverty, Carrier, a repairman, i...
Everybody Loves Sunshine (released in the Unite...
Magda meets her fiancé and he invites her to vi...
The true story of Gabby Douglas who becomes the...
Celebrated filmmaker and photographer Cheryl Du...
A man who served prison time for intent to mole...
Maher addresses contemporary political, social ...
In front of a live audience at the Raleigh Memo...
The spirit that protects the islands of Mata Nu...
During the Korean War, the lieutenant in charge...
A dangerous international spy is determined to ...
The documentary is about the uniqueness of chil...
When Frédérick, the patriarch of the Alsatian M...
A company retreat on a tropical island goes ter...
Bill Marks is a burned-out veteran of the Air M...
Paul Raymond builds a porn, entertainment and r...
The legends tells the story of how the Toa came...
The Web of Shadows concerns the return of the h...
Based on Paco Roca's comic of the same title (2...
Vertical Features Remake is a film by Peter Gre...
When international diplomacy comes up short, ex...
When heads of state gather at the G8 summit in ...
Driving, lost and tormented in the night, prima...
Documentary about the quest for peace between r...
An intricate tale of "medicine, monopoly and ma...
A loving look at one of the most cherished and ...
I remember the games I played when I was young....
An indigenous detective returns to the Outback ...
When a foreign exchange student arrives in a sm...
Takao, who is training to become a shoemaker, s...
The atomic bomb, the specter of a global nuclea...
Based on a popular manga, the film is a tender ...
A teenage tomboy, tired of being bossed around ...
Director Roy Del Ruth's 1949 film, about a self...
Mary Linden is the secretary who is the unheral...
An American with a shady past joins with a mora...
Once the ruler of an entire universe, the Great...
A celebrity chef exacts revenge on a food blogg...
A quivering voice begs to screenwriter, Joel Br...
Singing sailor Hannes, who entertains the crowd...
Jonas Candide performs his job as state executi...
[Period covered: 1595-1600] Third film in the f...
Based on Frank Miller's latest graphic novel Xe...
Worried that he has gotten the free-spirited Mi...
In Ispahan, Persia, Hajji Baba is leaving his f...
William Popper is the son of a stockbroker and ...
A college senior, Shuhei, is blackmailed by a p...
Set during the opening days of World War II on ...
Physicists are on the cusp of the greatest scie...
A closed room mystery begins when an infamous t...
Clark Gable stars in this 1949 drama, directed ...
In order to avoid an arranged marriage with a m...
In turn-of-the-century New York, an Italian see...
An innocent young man becomes enamored with a m...
94 years after The Battle of Yavin, the New Rep...
Leo, a young man coming to terms with his own s...
A young girl contracts what she thinks is a sex...
A criminal waits in a seedy motel and waits for...
A corrupt young man somehow keeps his youthful ...
Based on Chetan Bhagat's bestselling novel "The...
The film follows Hiccup and his young fellows a...
Captain EO is a 3-D science fiction film starri...
TV Movie about Concepción Arenal in his role as...
El Chuncho's bandits rob arms from a train, int...
An immature, newly unemployed comic must naviga...
Recently fired and facing eviction, a new dad h...
Mel, a photo journalist, gets suspicious when h...
Mike Catton was once a world-renowned construct...
A group of students pay their way through schoo...
Based on the first book in Jussi Adler-Olsen's ...
Seven months have passed since the dead took ov...
A broken family finds their relationships to on...
Two best friends, Red and Blue, risk everything...
Choppertown is the world’s first motorcycle doc...
Summoned by an unexpected phone call, an elderl...
The children of a small European mountain villa...
After her husband dies, Carmina keeps it a secr...
When Baton Rouge police detective Bud Carter bu...
Adapted from the successful play, the film take...
A mission to Venus discovers the planet inhabit...
R2I, a famous news radio station, sends its bes...
Colegas (Buddies) is a road movie that shows th...
Narrated by Morgan Freeman, this groundbreaking...
Zero (Wagner Moura) is a brilliant scientist, b...
Priest turned vigilante Father John (Van Cleef)...
The year is 1987 and Japan is just reaching the...
The true story of a 16 year old (Robin Lee Grah...
Before crossing paths with Peyton, falling for ...
A grieving husband tries to uncover the truth b...
Honest Edward Maynard finds himself serving as ...
Eddie is a Vietnam veteran who loses his arms a...
A terrorist posing as environmentalist hijacks ...
Heather Graham and James Purefoy play a couple ...
When his father encounters insufferable hardshi...
A young boy and his dog, who happens to have a ...
Jonathan Glazer's atmospheric, visually arresti...
The film revolves around a local street-racer w...
The "black sheep" son of a wealthy family meets...
In Lille, Claire Gauthier is an ordinary marrie...
In this David and Goliath story for the 21st ce...
Years after walking away from her past as a tee...
Sing, a dumb, lovable mainlander with supernatu...
8 shorts centered around 8 themes directed by 8...
"8"—a new play by Academy-award winning screenw...
                                               NaN
Majime, an eccentric man in publishing company,...
In the 1840s, Cranford is ruled by the ladies. ...
A small-town car thief and his transvestite wif...
This is the story of Isa, who grows up in a Ham...
A misanthropic man sets out to exact revenge on...
The life story of Jesus is told from his humble...
FIGHTVILLE is about the art and sport of fighti...
Affected by tragedy, a married couple decide to...
in 1957 an African-American criminal lawyer (Co...
                                               NaN
A woman fights to save her husband from a slutt...
But it is a devastating expose of party-n-play ...
Paul de Marseul, a prestigious wine-maker and o...
Ms. Alli Pelkonen's terrier finds a body from T...
A TV reporter is murdered when he is eavesdropp...
Superpower illustrates how the United States ha...
The day after the funeral of Varlam Aravidze, t...
The story of a famous old sculptor, weary of li...
Brandon Beckett (Collins), the son of the previ...
Puss in Boots is on a mission to recover the Pr...
After being left by her husband and fired from ...
The immature and cheap douche bag Fábio Clóvis ...
After another spat with her kids, Dona Hermínia...
When big city detectives refuse to further inve...
A successful lawyer finds out that she has a ha...
Tom enters from stage left in white tie and tai...
Alexandre Taillard de Vorms is a force to be re...
In Japan, gonzo filmmakers hatch a three-pronge...
Rafael, a Seville citizen who has never left th...
Otto Preminger directs this comedy-drama based ...
Marlo Manners is enjoying her honeymoon with Si...
When Arthur Davis, a junior bachelor in the Bri...
Adam and Seta fall madly in love after meeting ...
Deneuve plays sassy grandmother Cathy who takes...
                                               NaN
George &amp; A.J. is a short film created by Pi...
In the 16th century in the Cévennes, a horse de...
The story of a lone father's relationship with ...
Form small beginnings on a Victorian farm to gl...
Khalil is an Arab diplomat who wants to not onl...
In the American Southwest of the 1950s, middle-...
After his family is brutally murdered for an un...
Prison Terminal: The Last Days of Private Jack ...
In a village in New Mexico, the life of young f...
Steve promises his captain not to favor Torchy ...
New York City tenement dwelling neighbors Blond...
Young Carmilla is jealous of her friend's engag...
Space Pirate Captain Harlock and his fearless c...
                                               NaN
A simple Connecticut farm girl is recruited by ...
A ruthless rancher, and his gang, use extremely...
Always the mama's boy, or in this case a grandm...
A May-December romance. Roué Giulio Marengo, a ...
Young vivacious Billie uses her charms on influ...
Former Danish servicemen Lars and Jimmy are thr...
At the deathbed of his used-to-be militant moth...
Leslie Konda young talented French footballer s...
After a stunt man dies while he is involved in ...
Story of a happy-go-lucky small time crook who ...
The residents of a small American town begin to...
For burned-out Seattle cop Daniel Pruitt, a cam...
Local teens have long commemorated the death of...
To avenge the brutal murder of his brother, Jak...
After the cataclysmic events in New York with T...
Pioneer is set in the early '80s, at the beginn...
Naked Harbour is a movie about Finnish love in ...
Mitraillette is 12 years old and lives in Rose ...
19-year-old Eric, arrogant and ultra-violent, i...
When nerds Dennis and Noah crash a party thrown...
Unemployed 35 year old Sakurai aspired to becom...
An untold chapter in the Mass Effect saga, foll...
James Rasin's documentary “Beautiful Darling” h...
A man who suffers visions of an apocalyptic del...
Surly, a curmudgeon, independent squirrel is ba...
When the Punisher takes out a black-market weap...
Belle and Sebastian is set high in the snowy Al...
Amazonia is an adventure in 3D inside the large...
Love stories in Yopougon, a neighborhood of the...
A look at the life and career of Ultimate Fight...
A famous jazz trumpeter finds himself unable to...
A look inside a tragedy through the eyes of a s...
Satché is about to die. He decides to make his ...
France, 1893. Joseph Bouvier attempts to shoot ...
After growing up in a poor gypsy camp, Edmond V...
Gabrielle is a young woman with Williams syndro...
A young boxer is making a name for himself insi...
Mystery abounds when it is discovered that, one...
Sequel to 1973's That'll Be The Day. Jim McLain...
A giant asteroid is heading toward Earth so som...
When Blondie Johnson's mother dies in poverty, ...
Mistaken for Strangers follows The National on ...
Nebbishy filmmaker Joanna Arnow documents her y...
Follows the real life rock-n-roll fairy tale st...
In the years before Ronald Reagan took office, ...
A grieving family opens its household to an unk...
Rayne fights against the Nazis in Europe during...
An aspiring musician is released from prison to...
Robert Culp plays Bracken, whose life seems per...
Anthony Hope's classic tale gets a decidedly 'u...
When the Smurl family moves into a duplex, they...
While Joel and his older ship's captain brother...
A knight returning from the Crusades takes on a...
Omar (Omar Ben Sellem) and Emmanuel (François S...
Vassili is an aged prostitute with killer insti...
Rayne, a half-human half-vampire warrior, is in...
Trevor Moorhouse returns! Coming to Placid Pine...
This film tells the story about a group of girl...
A story based on the Finnish national epic Kale...
A group of Mexican revolutionaries murders a to...
The Other Side of the Mountain Part 2 is a 1978...
A Little Stiff is a 1991 minimalist comedy dire...
Zoltai (Andras Balint) is a Hungarian professor...
In the final days of World War II, a young Hung...
The night of August 24, 1944. The fate of Paris...
The Beresfords investigate mysterious deaths at...
Prudence and Bélisaire Beresford have decided t...
Wan Tin-Sau is an actor who cannot seem to catc...
An estranged Nigerian-American brother and sist...
A bright but meek salesman, drowning in debt as...
Richard Linklater's SLACKER inspired a generati...
In Ancient Greece 1200 B.C., a queen succumbs t...
While on a grand world tour, The Muppets find t...
Well-known television personality Bob Saget -- ...
Bobcat Goldthwait is back with a vengeance in h...
80's pop icon Gilles Gabriel is about to make a...
Fifty years old, three years past of unemployme...
As a night out on the town turns into a nightma...
When Ryo, a young magazine reporter, moves into...
After spending 12 years in prison for keeping h...
Rithy Panh uses clay figures, archival footage,...
The story begins at the height of Gleason's car...
Electrick Children tells the story of Rachel, a...
An introverted teenager tells his parents he is...
A wife, overwhelmed with hatred for her husband...
Night Gallery launched as a television movie on...
The man has a monotonous job punching tickets f...
Two brothers, on either side of the law, face o...
Helen is a nonconformist teenage girl who maint...
Follow three professional video game players as...
A millionaire and his wife are shipwrecked afte...
Jessie deals with a bad breakup, by purchasing ...
Director Tamra Davis pays homage to her friend ...
The story about the thief who didn't get crucif...
Barabbas or Jesus Barabbas (literally "son of t...
Living in Paris, journalist Bernard has devised...
Through vintage film clips of past Bond movie e...
Alex is in love with Sandra since childhood but...
You will see Travis Pastrana and the whole Nitr...
Former United States Secretary of Defense, Dona...
A newlywed couple cancels their honeymoon and r...
Young Englishman inherits ranch which he wants ...
A marshal (Al "Lash" La Rue) with a whip and a ...
A female American reporter searches for her mis...
Already deep into a second Cold War, Britain’s ...
The Ethiopian King offers his daughter to a pow...
A critical documentary about the war on terror ...
Jonathan Frid portrays a horror novelist who ha...
A documentary about the Israeli-Palestinian con...
When her husband goes missing during their Cari...
Jake is a driver for a seedy escort service ope...
An FSB officer fall in love with his agent, an ...
Sheba, a Chicago private detective returns back...
Kevin is obsessed with finding a girl who can h...
This is a collection of portraits: 23 short sto...
The legendary stuntman plans his most incredibl...
Moist von Lipwig is a con-man with a particular...
Internationally acclaimed ventriloquist Nina Co...
Crystal and her boyfriend Leo embark on a tense...
A university student and some classmates are re...
At the NFL Draft, general manager Sonny Weaver ...
Set in a world of iron dirigibles and steam pow...
Trapped inside his car by a mudslide, smooth ta...
After a series of bad experiences with men, Sha...
Three girls in 1980s Stockholm decide to form a...
Psychiatrist Dr. Lila Colleti is divorcing her ...
The creation of filmmaker Michael Emanuel, SCAR...
From the 1930's to the 1970's, pretty well ever...
House Un-American Activities Committee investig...
Single mom Kathleen Russell (Roma Downey) and h...
The film tells about a band of demobilized Red ...
After fighting his way through an apartment bui...
Seeking a brighter future in megacity Manila, O...
A masked vigilante who discovers the dark side ...
Once again someone from the future has come bac...
Franck Poupart is a slightly neurotic door-to-d...
A pampered American oyster tycoon decides to bu...
A dad tries to impress the daughter -- a soon-t...
A lady cop infiltrates an all-female criminal g...
A group of down-on-their-luck bounty hunters hi...
A poet sells his collection of comic books and ...
The divine Didi, a European actress known more ...
Fred, George, Doug and Howie are quickly reachi...
This story about two maternal half-brothers, a ...
A professional model, Sam Crain, is asked by he...
Kick Out the Jams features many never before se...
This documentary film tells the dramatic story ...
Adapted from his autobiography, the film recoun...
For Peter Parker, life is busy. Between taking ...
Microphone in hand, Pier Paolo Pasolini asks It...
When a kidnapping goes wrong, a desperate fathe...
Britain, 1958. Restless at school and bored wit...
A man, recently released from a mental hospital...
Rival prison factions surround a Los Angeles co...
Batman learns that he has a violent, unruly pre...
While covering a test of guided torpedoes, two ...
A time traveling cop, Jack Deth, from the futur...
The dramatic inside story of the monumental col...
An epic feature documentary about a coal mining...
After he is threatened during a confession, a g...
This eye-opening documentary follows American b...
A woman tries to exonerate her brother's murder...
Five O. Henry stories, each separate. The prima...
Paul Douglas, stars with Janet Leigh, as the ho...
A Black hit man poses as a Baptist preacher in ...
In a small English village, Dr. Laird and his a...
College philosophy professor Mr. Radisson's cur...
The film opens with a baby dinoshark swimming a...
Three department store girls--Connie, Franky, a...
How can a split-second decision change your lif...
In flashback from a 'Rebecca'-style beginning: ...
At a Texas barbecue, a pretty woman chats up a ...
A country bumpkin who's a mathematical genius f...
After the nuclear war people are sterile and ru...
A charming and very daring thief known as Arsen...
A low-budget re-telling of the classic fairy tale.
A twist on the morality tale of forbidden love ...
Beauty and the Beast is the adaptation of a sto...
A young ad executive's life has been turned ups...
When Eva opens her eyes a young girl finds hers...
In this heist film turned horror fest, director...
Spanning nearly 40 years from 1925 to 1964, two...
The French Foreign Legion, in the early 20s, is...
An 11th-century Viking prince sails to America ...
During the last days of Eva Peron, a pair of lo...
It's a jungle out there for Blu, Jewel and thei...
An Honest Liar tells the incredible story of th...
                                               NaN
On a foggy day, Julia‘s six-year-old son Jens i...
Two seemingly unconnected souls from different ...
A documentary that follows an Alaskan bear fami...
"Breaking Point" is a dramatic tale of corrupti...
Filmed with the full cooperation of the U.S. Ar...
Tells the true story of Gwen Terasaki, who fall...
Fioravante decides to become a professional Don...
Two leading computer scientists work toward the...
Michael Marler, a successful business man in Lo...
Prince Leo, last in the line of rulers of a lon...
A search and recovery team heads into the haunt...
The parents of a girl who was killed by a savag...
Heaven is for Real recounts the true story of a...
Long considered a cult classic, "Mondo Hollywoo...
In this light-hearted musical, an early color f...
The pair who created "Lovers and Other Stranger...
Rachel is an intelligent, modern-day woman cons...
After his girlfriend commits suicide, a man (Sh...
After discovering her boyfriend is married, Car...
Having exorcised the demons of his ex, Malcolm ...
Despite different backgrounds and disapproving ...
Fa Mulan gets the surprise of her young life wh...
Esther Williams musical about Hannibal's campai...
Unfortunate events beset a poor Chinese girl as...
In 2007, The Sci-Fi Channel premiered "Ghost Ad...
This documentary on The UFO Phenomenon aims to ...
Nick and Meg Burrows return to Paris, the city ...
In an attempt to spur citizens into taking more...
The Glass Slipper (1955) is a musical film adap...
A black comedy about Chalo, a lone security gua...
Rose, a rebellious half-vampire/half-human guar...
Young, rich, and randy Gloria (Dominique Swain)...
Paolo, an Italian tour bus driver living in Par...
Brendan Byers III (Jerry Lewis), one of the ric...
A gloomy vision of the possibility of decent re...
When a top-secret unmanned spacecraft disintegr...
In a dystopian Detroit, grand houses that once ...
The savage murders of three young children spar...
Husband-and-wife vaudeville stars separate when...
Based on the story, "See How They Run," which r...
Steve Raleight wants to produce a show on Broad...
Broadway producer Johnny Demming courts big-nam...
Mary Hale (a singer) and Jimmy Seymour (pianist...
Because he's the oldest, Jake has been the man ...
Two men, both hiding a deadly secret, are on a ...
Don Santiago (Richard Angarola) is a vicious ma...
After the death of his father Murat II, Mehmet ...
Set against the lush backdrop of rural Laos, th...
After living a long and colorful life, Allan Ka...
Ivan Locke has worked hard to craft a good life...
[Period covered: 1614-1615] 4th film in the shi...
Some time after their botched operation to capt...
Adults share their most embarrassing teenage wr...
At a time when superheroes have lost government...
When the Russian mob kidnaps the daughter of a ...
In London, a secret society led by lawyer Thadd...
Anne Shirley, an orphan, is adopted by farmer M...
Joe Valerie stashed a million dollars in gold f...
Left by a con man (Randolph Scott), a dancer (G...
The death of a pet prompts the unraveling of a ...
Tungsten deals with the idea of electricity as ...
Garden Lovers is a documentary love story about...
Set in 79 A.D., POMPEII tells the epic story of...
Ely and Lila are like sisters. They know each o...
The story of Aleksandra and Cyrille, a prominen...
A series of uncanny déjà vu events force a man ...
It's the 13th month of the 13th year of the new...
Using breakthrough flesh-regeneration technolog...
In this tour de force filmed lecture, Slavoj Ži...
The superhero Starman is sent by the Emerald Pl...
Eight women miners get fed up with their lifest...
Rod and Katherine Wright are enjoying their ret...
A judge, a district attorney and a U. S. senato...
After a magical summer together, a nine-year-ol...
Heather is a charming free spirit whose self-ab...
A small town is haunted by the twin daughters o...
The action takes place during the Great War in ...
A cronicle of Tao Lin and Megan Boyle's relatio...
A comedy/drama about an unlikely pair who share...
Financial wizard "Doc" Fletcher (Michael Caine)...
Western based on the novel by Marilyn Durham. A...
The film is based on a true occurrence in Swede...
A couple with a newborn baby face unexpected di...
Story of a ten-year-old girl left alone in her ...
In the early 1800's, a group of fur trappers an...
Kidnappers demand six million in ransom, but th...
Some time in the future, East and West have sto...
The film Soleil Ô, shot over four years with a ...
A scientific film essay, narrated by Phil Morri...
A down to earth school psychologist tries to he...
Kate &amp; Humphrey and their three wolf cubs (...
Join the pack in this wild, warmhearted and tot...
In the frenetic underbelly of Los Angeles, Agen...
A strict father loosens up enough to let his ch...
The 'Girls' have been friends for years, bondin...
Jayson Blair is the most infamous serial plagia...
Though Henry Kissinger is often giving short st...
Several people disappear from and at the sea. T...
Shot in France, England, Switzerland and the Un...
A documentary about the allegedly conspiratoria...
Below the streets of New York is a dark and dan...
Young writer Sam has a crush on Birdie, the cut...
This is the story of a blind masseur who tricks...
BELLE is inspired by the true story of Dido Eli...
An innocent immigrant woman is tricked into a l...
John Brzenk is troubled by when to call it quit...
Mumbai, the financial capital of India, the cit...
A blind, but deadly, gunman, is hired to escort...
Tom and Anna Wright, a young American couple, f...
Roy Rogers, a Nevada State Ranger Captain in ch...
Eighties teen romp involving Bill and his new a...
Marisa, a 20-year-old German girl, hates foreig...
Two feuding rock stars get handcuffed together ...
Art curator George Steele experiences a train w...
In remote Chile, a vacationing young woman begi...
Heli must try and protect his young family when...
Every celebrity deals with his or her share of ...
True story of a divorced father in search of hi...
When they're hired to recover the lost treasure...
Continuing the storyline of The Gathering Storm...
Super criminals are planning to infiltrate Eart...
Sunny is a naïve circus performer who dreams of...
Yearning for an evening without their kids, som...
Memorial Day, 1993. When 13-year-old Kyle Vogel...
Several actresses get caught up in a web of rom...
Legendary Indian film director Satyajit Ray dev...
A man is released from prison and finds the soc...
A bully browbeats his wife and children until h...
A Mexican fishing village fights against govern...
Zatoichi is forced to kill a young man who owes...
A crooked sheriff in a small Southern town fram...
A woman, accidentally caught in a dark deal, tu...
The ultimate X-Men ensemble fights a war for th...
Ford Brody, a Navy bomb expert, has just reunit...
Mary Turner goes up for three years on a crime ...
Valter brani Sarajevo (English: Walter Defends ...
Newlywed Molly moves into her deceased father's...
A reporter's dream of becoming a news anchor is...
Taking inspiration from Peter M. Bracke's defin...
James Hunt has never been equalled. Could swash...
The quiet life of a beach bum is upended by dre...
Palo Alto weaves together three stories of teen...
An eighteen year old high school drop out and h...
When the movie opens, a woman is recalling the ...
A well-off Indian family is paid an unexpected,...
Documentary about the Moroccan musical group Na...
Set against the backdrop of an increasingly vio...
Zatoichi runs afoul of some evil fugitives, wor...
Blind masseur and master swordsman Zatoichi fin...
Jim Gaffigan bursts back on the scene with this...
Dorothy wakes up in post-tornado Kansas, only t...
The Lady In Number 6 is one of the most inspira...
When Chef Carl Casper suddenly quits his job at...
Squad of beautiful government agents tries to c...
In the northwest desert where countless prosper...
TV drama based on Richard Burton's diaries, abo...
In A Town This Size introduces an Oklahoma town...
Strip Search follows several parallel stories e...
Mrs. Elizabeth Bright Murdock hires Marlowe to ...
In this evocative, atmospheric biography, Rober...
Modern 3 hour mini-series adaptation of the cla...
A young girl is killed at the beach in Malibu. ...
Jerry Biffle (Phil Silvers) is the star of the ...
Julia is a young lawyer who has been in conflic...
A popular high school teacher concocts an extre...
Zatoichi tries to save a maiden in distress in ...
Abner Peacock's (Knotts) beloved bird-watcher's...
Two Air Force friends have fun during their enl...
Billy is a fetish photographer whose models beg...
Zatoichi, the famed blind swordsman, returns to...
Two people in love, two apartments - one in Bar...
A concert pianist's (David Niven) manager buys ...
The story of the onset of the HIV-AIDS crisis i...
Englishman Robinson Crusoe, stranded alone on a...
A bunch of pernicious salamander men from the p...
Documentary by John Pilger looks at the awful t...
An analysis of the effect of economic sanctions...
Welcome to Australia is a 1999 Carlton Televisi...
Two friends' tour of Europe takes a dark turn w...
Filmmakers James Franco and Travis Mathews re-i...
On Halloween night, a sorority house is overrun...
In mid-1990s America, we follow the tragic sex ...
When Paul, an unemployed writer, decides to ren...
Drama about students at a girls' school, their ...
The inmates of an insane asylum take over the i...
A small forest town is trying to promote itself...
In a modern version of Ibsen's stage play, we m...
The second movie in David Hare's Johnny Worrick...
David Hare concludes his trilogy of films about...
A behind the scenes look into George Romero's g...
When terrorists abduct a deadly government atta...
                                               NaN
Documentary exploring the deep-seated biases an...
                                               NaN
After a bad blind date, a man and woman find th...
Gretta's celebrity boyfriend breaks up with her...
Punk-rocker turned suburban mom, Kelly, is nost...
Vancouver-based voice artist Ashleigh Ball has ...
A fanatical animal rights activist (Debbie Gibs...
When a giant alien spider escapes from a milita...
After an absence of three years, Mae West retur...
Set in a Norwegian hamlet, an idealistic physic...
Born Vickie Lynn Hogan, she had a son at 18, be...
Voluptuous beauty Anna Nicole Smith marries an ...
Each year, the world’s best 7 year-old golfers ...
Pug, a wisecracking 13 year old living on a dan...
A fiery Cuban woman guides an emissary from the...
Killer bats plague an Indian reservation in New...
Satan's School for Girls is set within the grim...
1951: Andy Schmidt is in his last year of colle...
The untold story of Disney's most iconic villai...
A thriller centered on a con artist, his wife, ...
College friends find their weekend of sex and d...
The story of a US Air Force major who was captu...
A man has been driven insane by church-sanction...
When an eclectic group of terrorists plot to at...
Two parents fall in love over the course of a s...
Seven-year-old Danny Parker is a good kid who l...
Director’s statement: “Electra is in her early ...
Brooks Wilson is in crisis. He is torn between ...
A middle aged writer of pornographic novels mee...
Believe it or not even in Smalltown USA there a...
A young man is drafted and goes through the rig...
Director Richard L. Bare's 1957 revenge western...
Highly fictionalized account of the formation o...
Jack has finally managed to propose to his infe...
When he's discharged from a military hospital, ...
A greedy gold smuggler hires a handsome hero to...
The mystery begins when Shaggy and Scooby win t...
“Having broken away from my illusory self, I wa...
Retirement at last! Middle-aged and divorced, c...
A tough judge takes in a foster child with nowh...
As a cowardly farmer begins to fall for the mys...
A delirious young woman (Glynis Johns) feels tr...
In metahistorical New York city electrotechnici...
In 1899, Lord Kang must decide which of his thr...
In an epic snow year, five friends leave their ...
A documentary on the oddball Greenwich Village ...
Major Bill Cage is an officer who has never see...
Τwo sisters from the island of Andros, dubbed L...
A catholic French couple sees their life upside...
Greed, corruption, ignorance, and disease. Mids...
In 1986 Michael Morton’s wife Christine is brut...
A former Union Army officer plans to sell out t...
Accompanied only by her faithful dog and four c...
Ethan and team take on their most impossible mi...
Raised on the streets of turn-of-the century Lo...
In the world of MIDNIGHT, it is a time of overw...
Based on the novel of the same name by Jonathan...
Catlow is a 1971 western based on a story by Lo...
In a last-ditch effort to save his career, spor...
A free-spirited surf instructor volunteers hers...
The bitter fight for supremacy between the thre...
A serial killer whose mother was a prostitute s...
Alison Murray travels as a hobo on freight trai...
Quickie-mart employee Melissa and paraplegic Ri...
To a growing number of Mexicans and Latinos in ...
A laborer moves to Shanghai in the hope of beco...
   A drama based on Jimi Hendrix's pre-fame years.
Roberto goes to Marseilles to give a hand to hi...
In the 1980 French countryside, farmer Jojo and...
Mara McAndrew's marriage is falling apart. Her ...
Vietnam vet Frank Vega now runs an East L.A. co...
A lawman tries to find the source of a juvenile...
A young Army nurse, Lt Ruth McGara (June Allyso...
A murder mystery set in the world of illegal te...
Generation Iron - examines the professional spo...
The venomous and amoral wife of a wealthy archi...
Flight 7500 departs Los Angeles International A...
Following a deadly viral outbreak, private mili...
Bud Hooper, a cadet at Winsocki Military Academ...
Robert picked the wrong time to meet his soul m...
Filmed in 1971 under the title The Widower, Lov...
Documentary about the life of Sidney Rittenberg...
From her childhood bedroom in the Chicago subur...
The 42 year long relationship between legendary...
Balding advertising executive Mr. Baum spends m...
The drama begins when handsome Johannes Riemann...
The world's greatest pinup model and cult icon,...
Harry is a barely functional human. He meets an...
Based on Charles Perrault's fairy tale: Cindere...
Lilting is a touching, intimate film about find...
Forced to give up his land and home, Texas ranc...
An Italian war bride has problems dealing with ...
    A mad bomber holds an innocent family hostage.
Despite the tumor-shrinking medical miracle tha...
A small fishing village must procure a local do...
Two young couples head into the New Guinea wild...
After Sabrina is abducted, she finds herself in...
A street-wise teen from Baltimore who has been ...
Quinn Forte had it all: power, money, a brother...
Cinderella, the beautiful and kind-hearted raga...
25 year old Danny Hill's grandmother just died ...
In a peaceful little clearing, the remains of a...
Alabama; 1969: The death of a clan's estranged ...
While on a business trip, Tom Phillips is in a ...
A French novelist passes off a African shepherd...
A juvenile delinquent (James Darren) puts his g...
On the run with the law on their trail, America...
The kingdom is in a festive mood as everyone ga...
Turmoil and tumultuousness become the order of ...
While attending a Swiss school for diplomats' d...
British Naval Officer (Errol Flynn) fights pira...
Judge Hardy takes his family to New York City, ...
Annabel Allison, star of Wonder Pictures, is ir...
A crippled mailman is in love with a maid who l...
Henry Steele is a basketball phenom at his smal...
Winter, 1915. Confined by her family to an asyl...
A small-time Jewish racketeer, just out of pris...
Clinging to an unfinished letter written by her...
Driven by an intense need for fame and validati...
On the outside, Helen has it all – a loving fam...
Marek, a crime squad officer, sets out to aveng...
Poland 1943: An unlikely pair - a concentration...
Set in the 1920s, several foreigners held by a ...
Planet Earth is a devastated wasteland, and wha...
A behind-the-scenes look inside the case to ove...
When a mysterious cyber-attack cripples civiliz...
This science fiction love story follows the for...
When the FBI hires her to go undercover at a co...
A man with the ability to enter peoples' memori...
Will (David Call), an unemployed and aimless pl...
Robert Patrick stars as a private investigator ...
Sometimes in order to move forward, you have to...
An old man living in an attic in a rundown part...
A group of coeds from a small conservative coll...
After making their way through high school (twi...
The destinies of two families are irrevocably t...
In The Equalizer, Denzel Washington plays McCal...
After an overnight long-distance drive, Joby ha...
The thrilling second chapter of the epic How To...
Lord of Tears tells the story of James Findlay,...
An intriguing Hans Christian Anderson-style fai...
Alain hopes to have a baby with his wife Anna. ...
A fading actor best known for his portrayal of ...
A chronicle of the life of Spanish playwright a...
In a 1950s-era Missouri town the life of a coup...
Three generations of a French family open up ab...
"Wild" Bill Elliott is a cowboy who goes in sea...
When a beautiful girl offers Casey Morrow a lot...
A police officer suspects that a local husband ...
Loosely based on the true events of a homeless ...
Racketeer Jim Barnes is trying to force the ind...
From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia Tell Me T...
A Hollywood actress undergoes a psychic breakdo...
Inspired by events that took place in Massachus...
The Gates family dream house turns quickly into...
Broadway Idiot follows Green Day's Billie Joe A...
Four separate narratives weave their way togeth...
A charismatic rapper falls in love with a young...
Two best friends are filming a comedy about get...
A 30-year-old man, who has been in a coma since...
Mrs. Pollifax-Spy (1971) is a comedy film direc...
Angela is a young hairdresser thrown out of hom...
Brainstorm, released in 1965, is a late film no...
Paul Grignon's 47-minute animated presentation ...
Two young directors adapted the short stories o...
Parents (Redd Foxx, Pearl Bailey) discover thei...
Determined, independent Bridie Quilty comes of ...
The Brooklyn Dodgers, from Jackie Robinson's br...
Two brothers fight to escape a violent and poor...
For No Good Reason a film about Ralph Steadman....
An introverted teen sparks with his new neighbo...
The definitive zombie culture documentary, brou...
A gay Brit living in New York is deprived of hi...
Professor Van Helsing had been asked to help ag...
Lu and Feng are a devoted couple forced to sepa...
The film tells a story of a divorced couple try...
In order to be reinstated to the bar and recove...
Anders, Kenneth and Steven went to high school ...
A group of American GIs work their way through ...
Love puts a college basketball star into a tail...
All the couples are back for a wedding in Las V...
Swiss hotel ski instructor (Henie) falls in lov...
A pool boy and a gardener turn an empty mansion...
From director Clint Eastwood comes the big-scre...
Friends on a weekend excursion take a path into...
Marvel's hard-boiled hero is brought back to fi...
A group of ruthless pirates attack a 17th Centu...
Kristin counts down the days to her high school...
Doris Day stars as Patricia Foster, an industri...
Programming prodigy and information activist Aa...
Anita tells the story about young, brilliant Af...
8 Days to Premiere is a love story set in the w...
A Mother's Courage (aka The Sunshine Boy) is a ...
After two decades of filming weddings Doug had ...
A detective gets involved with the beautiful da...
A London boy's goat works magic like a unicorn ...
Susan is in the hospital with a bullet near her...
An industrial-espionage group calls on a retire...
As humanity picks up the pieces, following the ...
It's the year 1970 and as Black Sabbath record ...
An RCMP officer is ordered to discreetly take a...
Nancy Archer has had an alien encounter and it'...
August tells the story of two former lovers, Tr...
One of six travelers who catch the bus from Cas...
After her family's mansion is burned down by Ya...
Belle Star is a bandit with an itch to ride wit...
Vivian Maier's photos were seemingly destined f...
A spy thriller telling a historically based sto...
Ostracized at a snooty private school because o...
Tired of their mother's alcoholism and a string...
Born into a life of crime, G has just spent 8 y...
      A paraplegic mistakes a man's pity for love.
A comedy about a young wannabe musician (Domhna...
A nurse gets into a dispute at work because she...
A twenty-nine year-old slacker who lives with h...
This soulful documentary illuminates the hell-a...
Eka and Natia leave their childhood behind and ...
Two New York City girls make a pact to lose the...
A drama centered on the relationship between El...
The depletion of the earth's ozone layer causes...
PCP is unexplainably released into the Frankfur...
African-American painter Mickalene Thomas pays ...
A small business owner is about to lose her sho...
Literal and creationist interpretation of the B...
Irene, nicknamed 'Miele', has devote herself to...
Young Asians in San Francisco find their love t...
When world-famous air racer Dusty learns that h...
A successful and popular nightclub owner who be...
Luc Merenda gives the performance of his career...
A teenage girl is wrongfully accused of theft a...
Broadway legend Elaine Stritch remains in the s...
Millie Stope lives with her grandfather on a re...
Story about the remarkable friendship between a...
Alienated and cold, The Mortician (Method Man) ...
In this non- stop hilarious ride we follow a st...
When Moore Street market-trader Agnes Brown fin...
An enthralling &amp; action-packed comedy-thril...
The truthful soldier Stirling didn't know how t...
In the tradition of classic westerns, a narrato...
Jason Osder makes an impressive feature film de...
After losing her job and learning that her husb...
Sunil belongs to a middle-class family, and is ...
Record store clerk Nick Brady begins to experie...
In this French film, Philippe (Philippe March) ...
Paul (Gerard Blain) has been imprisoned for ten...
Upon reaching the train station to death, a dej...
A single mother, plagued by the violent death o...
The story concerns a shipwrecked group who disc...
Delving into our collective nightmares, this ho...
A woman returning to her island birthplace find...
An introverted schoolgirl falls in love and sta...
Two friends in the Korean Navy, Lee and Kim are...
Story of three buddies at the Virginia Military...
Favoring pedigree dogs, a new regulation puts a...
Under the direction of a ruthless instructor, a...
A man's view cause a rift between peasants and ...
With his wife's disappearance having become the...
Motivated by Box Office statistics, Dax Shepard...
Remake of Jules et Jim following the experience...
After learning that a brain aneurysm will kill ...
Life Itself recounts the surprising and enterta...
The script of this film was very loose and most...
A small group of adventurous mountain bikers at...
Fela Anikulapo Kuti created the musical movemen...
Bablu (Shah Rukh Khan), an aspiring chef, works...
The story follows Abby, a thirty-something arti...
Kip's perfect life is put in jeopardy when the ...
A pack of domesticated dogs go on a killing spr...
Pedro is a famous singer who fall in love with ...
Kesse is a third generation fisherman, living i...
A man and his girlfriend plan to rob the mansio...
A plane crashes in the Amazon jungle, and its p...
Chronicle of a Disappearance unfolds in a serie...
A group of scientists in San Francisco struggle...
In the early 1920’s, on the streets of Beijing,...
Only a few people still live in New York in 201...
A father trying hard to ‘fit-in’ in his son’s b...
A brilliant doctor on a quest for revenge buys ...
Deserted by his father, and dislocated by the S...
A young rebel tries to change his ways in order...
Carter, a troubled teen stays with a friend of ...
Hollywood veteran Bing Russell creates the only...
A gang of ruthless highway killers kidnap a wea...
Just days before Bernard Madoff captured headli...
A railroad man and the owner of a freight line ...
Meet Bud Howard, an endearing yet unemployed la...
Danny Trejo plays 'Bullet' a tough cop who take...
Former Texas Rangers Sam Ward and Logan Keliher...
Fidelis Cloer is a self-confessed war profiteer...
On the day of her birthday, eleven-year-old Ang...
German Julius Reuter (Edward G. Robinson) sends...
Anthropology Professor Bruce Patterson (Terry T...
An alien space craft lands in the desert. The a...
A military school student develops a destructiv...
Two teenage lovers are caught up in the thrill ...
Anita is the new girl at school. When Steve get...
An aging outlaw helps a young half-breed learn ...
Scout William F. Cody (Joel McCrea) marries a U...
When a frightening wave of violence sweeps thro...
When a woman tries to outwit her husband's sexy...
An inspirational true story.  On what seemed li...
Jonestown: Paradise Lost was a 2007 documentary...
Blackfella Charlie is getting older, and he's o...
Dr. Lisa Leland is a brilliant surgeon with abs...
A light hearted look at future Prime Minister M...
A self-centered realtor enlists the help of his...
An elementary school teacher named Yui visits t...
Newlyweds Sarah and Cory Morgan have decided to...
Viktor Kahdem is a man who has almost given up ...
A teenager feels an endless fascination for his...
On the most important day of his young life, a ...
Dr. Blake runs a TV show called "Independent Th...
Trapped in a cave, five men cut the arm off of ...
Sandra's twin sister was brutally murdered by a...
                                               NaN
FAA system analyzer named Neil McCabe is the on...
A family gathers for a happy reunion and marria...
Perrault's fairy tale presented in claymation w...
When Jay and Annie first got together, their ro...
Based on the novel by Andy Zeffer, "Going Down ...
A spaceship returns to Earth after several year...
It's a summer of fun for two teenaged boys who ...
Jonas Trapp falls in love with the beautiful Je...
Englishman Adam regains full consciousness afte...
I Origins follows a molecular biologist studyin...
This double feature comprises of Gunbuster and ...
In 1951 ceasefire is declared, but two remainin...
A man from rural South Carolina tries to find s...
The debut feature by acclaimed Italian director...
Three groups of people are trying to survive Pu...
Director William K. Howard's 1941 gangster dram...
Kitschy musical remake of "Bachelor Mother". De...
In Australia, five children pursue horse thieve...
An art instructor and an English teacher form a...
Light years from Earth, 26 years after being ab...
An American businessman's family convinces him ...
Edith Han was an young woman that was studying ...
An earthquake reaching a 10.5 magnitude on the ...
A woman vanishes. Her husband inquires into the...
Three college students on a road trip across th...
An evening in an old time dance hall in Sao Pau...
A sergeant (Richard Travis) saves the day when ...
The Broadway theatre world provides the backgro...
A gut-wrenching, non-stop roller coaster ride t...
When Mike Lewis leaves L.A. to stay with his gr...
In the 1930s political activist Jimmy Gralton i...
Eugene Stimpson is a superhero... At least he p...
A young couple ventures into the woods to captu...
Barney, Christmas and the rest of the team come...
Based in Calcutta during its most unsettled tim...
Goliyon Ki Raasleela Ram-Leela is an adaptation...
When his lover becomes the latest victim of a s...
In the harsh terrain of the Mexican desert, a m...
Fourteen hundred years ago, a tormented soul wa...
Celebrate the last night of the Pythons on the ...
Australian filmmaker Sophia Turkiewicz investig...
The production of phones has a dark, bloody sid...
Tommy and his older brother Eric live in the mi...
Hope, the third film in the PARADISE TRILOGY, t...
Ann leaves Thomas and everything else behind wh...
A private detective is drawn into a complex mur...
When a half-Chechen, half-Russian, tortured hal...
This final Carter film is a lot of fun, with Ni...
At Phoenix Progressive School, students take no...
Aidan Bloom, a struggling actor, father and hus...
A young journalist interviews an elderly woman ...
A young man is convicted of manslaughter and se...
In 1881, Michael Denning, an American soldier, ...
Arbuckle escapes the watch of his domineering w...
Our hero (Lloyd) is infatuated with a girl in t...
Bernice and Fontayne grew up so tight they coul...
Laura and Fabrizio have been meeting every summ...
A cocky young man travels to Oregon to work on ...
Chronicles the rise, fall and attempted rise ag...
Twenty year-old Julius Caesar flees Rome for hi...
When tragedy strikes the community surrounding ...
An American posing as a Russian prince woos a v...
A former kingpin of the streets, Miles “Cain” S...
Winning your childhood sweetheart can create mo...
Based on the best-selling psychology book by Pa...
                                No overview found.
Filmmaker Johannes and his wife, schoolteacher ...
Tony (Laia Marull) is a young crook preparing f...
The director Daniel Sánchez Arévalo ('Azuloscur...
The period is the 1840's and California is part...
A returning moon capsule goes off course and la...
Stanley and Oliver, two sailors on shore leave,...
An ancient intergalactic warrior arrives on Ear...
A woman marries a man for his wealth, then conc...
When an apparently exemplary cop abducts and se...
9-year old orphan called Rasmus runs away from ...
At his fiancée’s urging, a very modern Irish gr...
Jody Balaban, an aspiring filmmaker, is fresh t...
For as long as she can remember, 16 year-old Gr...
To save the life of fellow cop kidnapped by a b...
                                               NaN
Based on the comic "Boogie, el aceitoso".In a c...
A gardener is watering his flowers, when a misc...
Self-centered and status-conscious, ten year ol...
When motocross and heavy metal obsessed, 13-yea...
Years after their successful restaurant review ...
BREAKFAST: After eating breakfast, a man is tra...
After the death of her mother, Anne makes a sho...
After a construction project begins digging in ...
Europe 1990, the Berlin wall has just crumbled:...
Propelled to the head of the W Group after the ...
A group of German infantrymen of the First Worl...
14-year-old Laura Dekker sets out on a two-year...
A young evangelical filmmaker is granted unprec...
8-Ball tells the story of  single mother Pike w...
                                               NaN
All-stars from the previous Step Up installment...
Murders result from an uncle's wish to eliminat...
Beautiful alien Amazonian women plan to conquer...
A mechanical brain is programmed to sabotage th...
From executive producer Zach Braff and director...
This is the story of the most extraordinary and...
Martin Scorsese narrates this tribute to Val Le...
In this propaganda film intended to raise money...
SHARKTOPUS VS PTERACUDA finds an American scien...
A British officer stationed in Ireland falls fo...
A quickly made Chaplin two-reeler to help fill ...
900 years after a nuclear war in the USA, manki...
Director Andre Cayatte's first film in two year...
Andy is going to Wainwright College as did his ...
Disparate individuals rationalize their infidel...
Zach is devastated by the unexpected death of h...
Set in the early part of 20th century Europe. T...
A love story set in the shadow of the shipyards...
Motorcycle mechanic C.C. Ryder joins "The Heads...
Three detectives become embroiled in a tense st...
A decade after the collapse of the western worl...
Before Lance Armstrong, there was Greg LeMond, ...
A gunrunner loses his cargo near a small coasta...
                                               NaN
A chronicle of James Brown's rise from extreme ...
A biography of powerful Hollywood agent and exe...
Set in the golden era of Grand Prix Racing '1' ...
Dong-chul was the best special field agent in N...
Four low-ranking astronauts are stuck together ...
In 1972, John Wojtowicz attempted to rob a Broo...
John Schuyler, happily married Wall Street lawy...
Set in the 1920s French Riviera, a master magic...
Charlotte is being raised without a mother. She...
In the '80s, priests and especially the Father ...
Frank Hopper is a former lawyer, long-term lose...
The year is 1914 and Richard Hannay, Mining Eng...
When a minister's wife becomes posessed by Eshu...
Trapped in a loveless marriage, a troubled writ...
Aydin, a retired actor, owns a small hotel in c...
When I Walk approaches the struggles of living ...
When Prohibition ends, a barber tries to get in...
Upstanding community leader Nils has just won a...
When Kylie Bucknell is sentenced to home detent...
Inspired by the true story of the first giraffe...
                                               NaN
Compilation of three short horror films: "That'...
Alexandre, a young and honest farmer, is oppres...
A story centered around an Indian family who mo...
Based on the hit video game series, Batman must...
Story of a neglected teen with mild Asperger’s ...
"Where the Trail Ends..." is a film following t...
Director Henry King's WWII drama about American...
A secret service agent falls in love with an il...
A Westerner searches for a white woman held by ...
An officer of the law and his father are framed...
Ruthless dominatrixes pursue a mild-mannered sa...
Five doctors on a wilderness outing are stalked...
Grace Lee Boggs is an activist and philosopher ...
Lo Lieh stars as Sima Jun, a killer working for...
Luigi Bazzoni (Le Orme) directed this outstandi...
A young woman studying the habits of webcam cha...
Filmmaker Talya Lavie steps into the spotlight ...
A reclusive, elderly author is visited by a you...
The British sleuth (Walter Pidgeon) leaves reti...
A Stanford law-school dropout named Jillian esc...
The workaholic head of the compliance section o...
In a universe where human genetic material is t...
The city needs heroes. Darkness has settled ove...
After the disappearance of a young scientist on...
Buenos Aires in the 1980s. Detective Chavez, a ...
A look at the high-octane global live music ind...
Marty Mackenzie is an unsuccessful stage actor ...
The true-life story of a crazy-in-love Queens c...
A matinee idol is going by train to collect an ...
A starving gendarme, wasting away from hunger, ...
When a detective is called in to investigate th...
In a seemingly perfect community, without war, ...
On a lark in Tijuana, a carefree Brazilian art ...
When her idolized twin sister Audrey dies in a ...
A true immigrant story set against the vibrant ...
Unborn in the USA: Inside the War on Abortion i...
A pretty Chinese woman, seeking help from San F...
Two serial killers meet and fall in love in an ...
Cane Toads: The Conquest is a comic yet provoca...
A man suffering from Lou Gehrig's disease deals...
What About Dick? begins with the birth of a sex...
A French diplomat who's recovered from amnesia ...
       A decoding expert tangles with enemy spies.
It's the ultimate buddy cop movie except for on...
A comedy are comprised of short sexually sugges...
After surviving a plane crash a young conservat...
The film director Niko von Glasow undertakes a ...
Far Out Isn't Far Enough: The Tomi Ungerer Stor...
En route to Normandy, an American and a British...
Direct from Brooklyn is a compilation of music ...
In February, 1962, as the civil rights movement...
An overweight lab technician with low self este...
A neurosurgeon returns back to the USSR from Sw...
Young prince Aleksandr has to hold out against ...
A stern hard-liner judge commits euthanasia to ...
12-year-old Pelle accidentally gets bitten by a...
The film ' Antboy: Revenge of the Red Fury ' is...
Based on the comic book by the creator of Ghost...
A drama that follows three adults during a sing...
Sir Sidney Ruff-Diamond looks after the British...
Hector Valentin (Bourvil) returns to France fro...
In Montreal, the unemployed fashion designer So...
The shooting lasted on six tense days in June 1...
Starrett tries to prevent a range war between s...
Women are practically throwing themselves at Ri...
Radio singer Joan Abbott, known as the "Crunchy...
Le capitan is a 1960 French-Italian swashbuckle...
Neil, Will and Simon receive an invite from Jay...
Jesse Stone and Captain Healy are shot during a...
A plane explodes above the Gulf of Guinea. An e...
Based on a novel that Albert Camus was working ...
On January 2 1899, starting from the French Sou...
In an early 19th century African village, Wend ...
Some survivors of a drowning ship are rescued b...
The Mafia tries to take revenge against a man w...
It is now summer in the Parker family; and the ...
Mankind must fight to survive as Earth is invad...
Ayako becomes the mistress of her boss so she c...
Loosely based on the Fatty Arbuckle scandal, an...
A stagecoach is plagued by robberies, but it ta...
A fashion photographer is traveling to meet his...
A pair of star-crossed dancers in New York find...
Some of Sin City's most hard-boiled citizens cr...
When a dysfunctional group of unpublished write...
War - In the last days of WW2, a German soldier...
When former comedian Mark McCarthy is faced wit...
The City of Chicago is gripped by an Axe Murder...
Based on Gayle Forman's novel of the same name....
ECW: Extreme Championship Wrestling redefined p...
Unbeknownst to him, a soldier is sent on a doom...
The story of prophet "Muhammad" and the deliver...
In the early 1900's Tennessee, a loving family ...
A wife and mother in 1915 Tennessee copes with ...
Young priest returns from America to work in an...
What happens when a generation's ultimate anti-...
A Documentary in 10 parts covering the film mak...
This tale of familial warfare and sacrifice tak...
Film archivist David and his wife are perfectly...
The story about three radical environmentalists...
A group of thieves attempt a daring robbery of ...
A bittersweet coming-of-age film, Foreign Lette...
Explores the confrontation between the woman wh...
Janne, a 60 year old party promoter is arrangin...
American arms dealer Kennedy hopes to make a ki...
Jake Remy leads a gang of outlaw cutthroats mak...
In September 2004, Chechen rebels occupied a sc...
While walking home from her latest OB appointme...
Mabel lives on a slum. Does work as a clown at ...
Praised for its fine photography and production...
Gangster (Lino Ventura) with his accomplice (Ch...
When Steve Dallas, a womanizing local weatherma...
Three young New York men decide to travel South...
The Clown and the Kid is a 1961 film. When Moko...
Fiction inspired from the story of the rise and...
Sandra is a young woman who has only one weeken...
Four stories about Finnish life intersect. In t...
An engineer (Richard Dix) leads the building of...
Kaan and Mete, co-hosts of a mid 1990s radio sh...
A woman prepares for bed, but realizes that som...
A cult black-comedy about an undertaker whom be...
While walking home late one night, a man notice...
American documentary film-maker George C. Stone...
The drama called I Love, You Love was made in 1...
Based on the preachings of Reverend Estus W. Pi...
1969's Apollo 11 mission to the moon is highlig...
On the night a comet is passing near Earth, eig...
A playboy pretends to be a paid escort in order...
Marie, a reluctant resident of a retirement com...
Chinese sleuth Charlie Chan (Sidney Toler) disc...
David Portnoy, a 15-year-old birding fanatic, t...
Uplifting and intimate look at the last days of...
A reformed jewel thief helps detectives track d...
Eun-young is a woman cursed with great beauty. ...
When eighteen-year-old Brendan King attempts to...
Mike Todd is a Broadway producer struggling to ...
A team of U.S. archaeologists unearths an ancie...
A group of friends who venture into the remote ...
America's 50-million strong Evangelical communi...
Two common criminals get more than they bargain...
A couple of fumbling best friends run a private...
When a team of explorers ventures into the cata...
Ray Milland plays a barrister whose daughter is...
This video shows how the foreign policy interes...
This documentary dissects a slanderous aspect o...
Running away on the highway, Maria is alone in ...
Charlie Chan is an agent of the U.S. government...
A detective investigating kidnapping case disco...
Sir George hires Hillary Gatt to find out more ...
                                               NaN
Dr. Steven Bishop is taken to the hideout of Fr...
In 2006, after 10 years of constant touring wit...
On the brink of separation, Ethan and Sophie es...
Two brothers spend the day driving around Los A...
Polish Ewa works as an Au-pair in a small town ...
An odd pregnant girl disrupts the lives of her ...
The documentary focuses on images of women in a...
There's a bad mood rising against the corporate...
Jean Kilbourne's pioneering work helped develop...
A hitman named Tul is shot in the head during a...
The story stars two teenagers on the one side, ...
Five university friends gather at a house party...
                                               NaN
Arguing that advertising not only sells things,...
A soldier introduces himself to the Peterson fa...
Woodstock Diary was originally broadcasted on U...
Two young couples backpacking through Ireland d...
Over seven decades, actor and activist George T...
James Mink is a black man in Canada who has bui...
Based on the hit web series of the same name, t...
                                               NaN
A seductive music hall star falls in love with ...
A man fights the law and the lawless in order t...
A wandering baba initiates a widower layer and ...
A solitary woman (Melissa Leo) earning her livi...
Wealthy big game hunter Tom Newcliffe has track...
What happens when America's most joyous, dysfun...
Alan Zweig analyzes the phenomenon of record co...
In 1913, in Oklahoma, oil derrick owner Lena Do...
A detective investigating the death of a heroin...
From 1971 to 1973, Richard Nixon secretly recor...
An innocent, pregnant prison inmate (Shirley Kn...
A cop-turned-bail bondsman gets involved in a m...
A con-woman working the Atlantic City hotels ta...
Aaron and Angela, two young adults living in th...
A despondent Vietnam veteran in danger of losin...
Newlyweds experience marital problems when the ...
A plain-Jane stenographer blossoms when she acc...
2081 depicts a dystopian future in which, thank...
                                               NaN
Three friends who haven't seen each other for s...
Slow Southern Steel is a film about heavy music...
The Governor sends Ken and Hoot to clean up the...
Cocky young street kid worships his father, a s...
The cunning Cardinal Richelieu must save King L...
You’re invited to the biggest celebration of th...
This action drama centers on a former CIA opera...
Horus, a kid living in a unnamed Scandinavian/E...
Director Nikita Mikhalkov documents the history...
A 9 minute comedy starring Dominique Pinon (Del...
Filmed over 3 years in Homs, accompanying 2 out...
A woman wakes up every day, remembering nothing...
John Ennis follows the money in elections to pi...
The myths of globalisation have been incorporat...
Approaching collapse, the nation's economy is q...
King Frederick II (aka "Frederick the Great") o...
Playwright James Lee adapted his off-Broadway p...
Based on a trues story. In the summer of 1984 –...
The town of Silverton is in one day destroyed b...
Detective Hazel Micallef hasn't had much to wor...
Searching for a happy ending to a tale of unima...
An acclaimed novelist struggles to write an ana...
A newlywed couple finds their lake-country hone...
A boozy lowlife (Philip Seymour Hoffman) tries ...
The tumultuous presidency of 17th-president And...
Bob Saginowski finds himself at the center of a...
A pair of working-class brothers flee their Ren...
Archaeologists in Egypt find one of their crew ...
A semi-fictionalized documentary about a day in...
In an extraordinary and tragic American story, ...
Acclaimed actor and FDNY veteran Steve Buscemi ...
You're not hallucinating (but they are)... It's...
Estranged twins Maggie and Milo coincidentally ...
Warriors called "Saints" are the champions of h...
A troubled group of children living on the same...
Bambi is nibbling the grass, unaware of the upc...
Joe Weber is an anthropologist who takes his so...
Slapstick rules in this 1964 Civil War comedy a...
Based on actual creatures that for years have t...
A young Irishwoman comes to the United States t...
The probability of a couple that had broken up ...
In San Francisco, an immigrant Chinese widow we...
Surprisingly adventurous saga of an intrepid gr...
This documentary follows the lives and careers ...
When the peaceful Morris family move to a small...
In the 19th century, an expert marine biologist...
Carry On favourite Barbara Windsor makes her de...
Mine owner William Sharon (Larry Keating) keeps...
Edward "Teddy" Bare killed his first wife (maki...
Paul Manderley, eccentric historian, and his wi...
Aftermath: Population Zero investigates what wo...
Grant Cogswell, a liberal music critic decides ...
A break-in and sabotage attempt occurs at a top...
A documentary that follows three pioneers -- Ch...
The first film having an Irish motif that John ...
During the economic reform period of the 80’s, ...
Chicago psychiatrist Judd Stevens (Roger Moore)...
Set in a post-apocalyptic world, young Thomas i...
Terri is a devoted wife and mother of two, livi...
A young woman joins the military to be part of ...
A look at the history of tattoos in America, fe...
Navy divers clear the torpedo tube of a sunken ...
During a five year period an Italian filmmaker ...
This documentary compiles a series of Noam Chom...
In this remarkable documentary, Noam Chomsky of...
Mary Pickford as "The Young Woman", is quite ta...
In the year 2020, a group of wealthy Moscovites...
A hardened crook behind bars comes up against a...
A demon is trapped in a monastery. 400 years la...
Andrei, a 13 year old teenager, living on Bucha...
A paysan is mistaken for a millionaire to whom ...
Who Obama works for, what lies he has told, and...
Shy, sensitive high school outsider Jakob Moorm...
                                               NaN
A freak weather system turns its deadly fury on...
Two first-year students at Oxford University jo...
Private investigator Matthew Scudder is hired b...
Darwin meets Hitchcock in this documentary. Dir...
Mathias Gold (Kevin Kline) is a down-on-his-luc...
A rare blaxploitation classic starring Vonette ...
Forty years before WikiLeaks and the NSA scanda...
A teacher, haunted by the death of her husband,...
Follows aspiring photographer Fisher Miller as ...
In 700 Sundays, legendary comedian and actor Bi...
Overeducated and underemployed, 28 year old Meg...
The vice-minister of Foreign Affairs of Czechos...
A tribute to the Texas songster, Mance Lipscomb...
Thrilling musical portrait of Zydeco King Clift...
Bethlehem tells the story of the unlikely bond ...
Eve is a catastrophe—low on self-esteem but hig...
For almost 50 years, the world's population has...
In search of the lucrative matsutake mushroom, ...
A woman fights to intercept a letter in which h...
Harry Raymond, a foreign ambassador in Moscow, ...
Doug and Abi  and their three children travel t...
Fall Of The Republic documents how an offshore ...
Parajanov's collage of all the footage that rem...
A short mime adaptation of a Thomas Mann story ...
Set six months after a deadly outbreak has all ...
The story of a promising young man with excitin...
While holidaying in the French Alps, a Swedish ...
In 1952, four passionate bobsledders - Gamser, ...
                                No overview found.
                                No overview found.
        A story about friendship, lie and truth...
A look at a Bavarian commune of the Indian Bhag...
The snow is staying away from the Bavarian ski ...
The story is set in the latter days of World Wa...
In the days following the D-Day invasion in Nor...
A gang of thieves lure a man out of his home so...
While walking along the beach, Christian and hi...
The film is about a poor married couple living ...
CBGB looks at New York's dynamic punk rock scen...
                                               NaN
The economic and cultural growth of Colorado sp...
When three women living on the edge of the Amer...
The film is based on a true story: the tragic l...
A biography of the civil-rights activist and la...
Country boy joins a circus in the 1840s and fal...
Matt Brennan runs into Jo Holloway, the Red Cro...
Giovanni Vivaldi is an average middle-aged man ...
In a vein similar to Bond movies, a British age...
Trailer Park Boys: Don't Legalize It is the thi...
Having lost her place among the social elite, a...
Monkey's Teeth, a slow and ugly fairy tale base...
What is man? Man makes war, man kills man, man ...
Showa Fujishima is a former detective. One day,...
An ex- CIA operative is brought back in on a ve...
Disguised as a travel agent, “Su-ji” is a gover...
Rachel arrives in New York from her Amish commu...
Reverend Brooks leads the town in a contest to ...
Kat Connors is 17 years old when her perfect ho...
“Les Escargots” is a short film by René Laloux ...
The investigation of two horrific mass murders ...
When Merrill Ross (Michael Dudikoff) is thought...
Menahem Golan and Yoram Globus were two movie-o...
A supernatural thriller directed by Todd Alcott...
NOT COOL follows former prom king and college f...
Benjamin, a young German computer whiz, is invi...
A defense attorney begins to suspect that her c...
Kiarostami presents two cases for talking heads...
When a brutal carjacking yields a videocamera, ...
After growing up in Switzerland, 13-year-old Ma...
The young woman, Marie, is an outsider in the s...
An orphaned boy raised by underground creatures...
Found inside a shining stalk of bamboo by an ol...
Set in Imperial China, Stephen Chiau plays Ling...
When documentary filmmaker Danny Hart boards a ...
Anchored by intimate, one-on-one interviews wit...
In 1985, former oil rig worker Richard Linklate...
Raul, a Puerto Rican born in New York, meets Ma...
Edward G. Robinson is a police inspector traili...
Two sailors with a rivalry over chasing women b...
After two sailors are conned into buying a lame...
Africa Texas Style is a 1967 British adventure ...
Wang Fo, the greatest master of medieval China,...
Two kids travel to a city where silence is kept...
Filmic insert to Eisenstein's modernized, free ...
The movie takes place during World War II and d...
A love triangle of two men who desire the same ...
Based on the novel "Marit Skjølte" by Kristofer...
The second film from Aarón Fernández is a Spain...
When their father passes away, four grown, worl...
There are some movies that are so bad they're g...
A documentary based on the honor, courage and c...
In the wake of his daughter's disappearance, a ...
                                               NaN
Honest Plush Brannon is a con-man thrown out of...
A mysterious young girl wanders a desolate, oth...
If income inequality were a sport, the resident...
A look inside the world of a young Japanese wom...
A short film that shows Boundless, Surreal obje...
A family that survives the genocide in Indonesi...
Queen Christina of Sweden (1626-1689) abdicates...
Due to political pressure from the American pub...
Paris 2002. Yellow cats appear on the walls. Ch...
A group of friends head to a deserted Caribbean...
U.S. Navy SEAL Chris Kyle takes his sole missio...
After returning home from an extended tour in A...
When his best friend and podcast co-host goes m...
                                               NaN
A Czech journalist joins a Prague radio station...
Hector is a quirky psychiatrist who has become ...
Juno Mak’s debut feature Rigor Mortis is an eer...
An evening at an Italian restaurant. Hosted by ...
Two linen fabric dealers with their shops close...
Desperate, broken men chase their dreams and ru...
A Movie star has triplets, but does not want he...
The last movie with Jerry Lewis and Dean Martin...
Nabeshima Naoshige murders his lord, Takafusa R...
Deaf mute Sergey enters a specialized boarding ...
A young Aboriginal boy is torn between his unex...
A comedic drama about a group of people (and se...
In the aftermath of his girlfriend's mysterious...
John Form has found the perfect gift for his ex...
In 1999, filmmakers Joe Brewster and Michèle St...
A second movie based on Astrid Lindgren's novel...
In the last days of WW2, women are volunteering...
If Bugs Bunny were to direct his signature inqu...
A woman lies on the sand, left there by the tid...
Maya Deren’s shortest, five-minute A Study in C...
A photographer and his models go to an old, aba...
A beautiful virgin inherits a castle, but when ...
Tara Talbot is afflicted with the rare genetic ...
Nick is excited to discover that he's won a din...
After a breakup with her boyfriend, a young wom...
After an extremely regrettable one night stand,...
During the last days of WW2, several female pri...
Near the end of WW2, prisoners of war are used ...
A mistress of one man has a shipboard romance w...
An American tourist (Kimberley Kates) lands in ...
The Wong family kung fu school gets smacked aro...
When a prominent abortion clinic owner goes mis...
In the not-too-distant future, androids have co...
Vlad Tepes is a great hero, but when he learns ...
A private eye (Warren Oates) is hired to follow...
The incredible rise to fame of 63-year-old aspi...
Although Charlie and Lee are in Monaco for an a...
While visiting the circus with his family, Char...
A popular and beautiful politician plans to exp...
A hard-luck limo driver struggling to go straig...
A quartet of young neo-Fascists terrorise the M...
A motorcycle gang kidnaps a young woman, Josie,...
Jason (David Naughton) moves into an abandoned ...
Kelly, a young woman, has been plagued by night...
During the 1982 Cannes Film Festival, Wenders a...
A poor writer discovers that a species of rats ...
Jacq Vaucan, an insurance agent of ROC robotics...
A family man who turns out to be a retired mob ...
Based on the 1930 classic by Faulkner, it is th...
Nicky's Family is a gripping documentary from t...
17-year-old Mariah Mundi's life is turned upsid...
Get ready for a Gold Medal murder mystery! This...
A dangerous amnesiac escapes from an asylum, hi...
Disguised as an educational film. Stereo purpor...
Crimes of the Future is set in a future where s...
Alain Resnais &amp; Robert Hessen explore the f...
L'oro di Roma (internationally released as Gold...
In 1998, thirty four unidentified bodies were f...
Detective Lucas McCarthy finally apprehends "Me...
A book-smart teenager joins his school's wrestl...
Millie Blake has a love affair that goes wrong,...
Essentially a two-person character study, the f...
Three young vigilantes huddle on la linea ready...
Without the security of the job he wants or the...
Pregnant out of wedlock, an educated young woma...
The son of a dictator travels to the U.S. to at...
Eight years after the disappearance of Cassandr...
Suki is a young woman confronting her destructi...
A man lives alone in a block of flats. He may n...
Set in the mid 1990s in Singapore, ILOILO chron...
Predestination chronicles the life of a Tempora...
In Scotland 1874, Jack is born on the coldest d...
Torn by personal guilt Italian General Umberto ...
The worlds of a former neo-Nazi and the gay vic...
The Moomins along with Little My and Snorkmaide...
A talented young singer and aspiring songwriter...
After a vampire leaves his native Balkans, he m...
‘Podwórka’ captures six groups of neighbourhood...
Guy Maddin directed this short biopic on the ca...
An experimental look at the sexual life of a co...
Having been struck by a 150-ton meteorite, Henr...
Scrat comes across a time machine and is transp...
A boy, Buddy, whose parents have split and whos...
Matt and George investigate a series of strange...
3 young friends are on vacation in Spain, until...
Produced by the Army Pictorial Service, Signal ...
From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia. The Chil...
Bullerbyn är en liten, liten by i Småland. Där ...
The film takes place during the rule of the eig...
A heart-warming tale about friendship, honour &...
On the night of the summer Obon festival, Hagiw...
Bad Grandpa .5 gives you a whole new perspectiv...
The first wedding anniversary of Princess Odett...
Director Richard Thorpe's 1941 film stars Walla...
Hailed as possibly the greatest classical weapo...
A sweet old lady is living alone in her farm, w...
After a car accident, Ben wakes up in hospital....
A tale of lost innocence, greed and the random ...
Vampire housemates try to cope with the complex...
One-time Maori speed-chess champ, Genesis Potin...
The Inguri River forms a natural border dividin...
A documentary–concert film chronicling the life...
When Lassie's master dies, an old friend tries ...
Just 60 miles north of New York City sits the p...
RiP!: A Remix Manifesto is a 2008 open source d...
A pair of former high school sweethearts reunit...
Ex-lunatic John Wick comes off his meds to trac...
Sam &amp; Fordy run a credit card fraud scheme,...
A recovering alcoholic film director tries for ...
After their newly adopted daughter goes missing...
GOOD FOR NOTHING is an adventurous romp set in ...
Based on the best-selling novel about a woman w...
A successful lawyer returns to his hometown for...
A New York couple's relationship is tested afte...
After 39 years together, Ben and George finally...
Toute la mémoire du monde is a documentary abou...
A group of young boys who have a collective cru...
Now aged 17, Antoine Doinel works in a factory ...
The Culture High tears into the very fibre of t...
Lauren Hennessey has always loved to cook and i...
A miserly man eats the pits of some cherries he...
Last months of World War II in April 1945. As t...
The owners of a small diner are surprised one r...
In 1870s America, a peaceful American settler k...
S.I.S., or Special Investigation Squad, is an e...
The story of former Hollywood star Grace Kelly'...
Two families bond when their teenage sons are k...
A young boy whose parents just divorced finds a...
A documentary focusing on the rebuilding projec...
In a future where water is scarce, a farmer def...
Jungo is the rarest creature in the world, but ...
A pair of former brothers-in-law embark on a ro...
Five school friends seek adventure on Halloween...
A group of young friends make an incomprehensib...
When a friend of Charlie's is found kicked to d...
A wax museum run by a demented doctor contains ...
Charlie's investigation of a phony psychic duri...
Chan goes to Paris for a reunion with friends f...
While Charlie is distracted with the birth of h...
Facing a sex obsessed culture, a mountain of st...
A Russian take on Charles Perrault's fairytale....
A Finnish comedy based on the books of Jalmari ...
Alisa Seleznyova and her father professor Selez...
When a young Prince and his trusted aid learn o...
A snobby musical theater camp is terrorized by ...
An ex-con on the run from his criminal past, hi...
The royal couple Odette and Derek face yet anot...
Charlie impersonates an employee of the U.S. go...
Charlie's visit to Paris, ostensibly a vacation...
Mary Whitman has gone to Reno to obtain a divor...
A pair of murders in Rio de Janeiro leads the l...
To solve the murder of a man shot in a locked r...
Returning from European exile where she avoided...
A vivid, dynamic Southern coming-of-age drama, ...
Eric Rohmer directs this short documentary that...
Focusing directly on the world of commercial im...
Tough Guise systematically examines the relatio...
Psychology student Danielle inadvertently wakes...
This film introduces us to Hugo, an one-of-a-ki...
Two sibling doctors take on a young diabetic pa...
A brain surgeon's experiments create a race of ...
A woman tormented by ghostly apparitions and a ...
Alexander's day begins with gum stuck in his ha...
Charlie is the intended murder victim here, and...
Charlie is hired to deliver a pearl necklace to...
In this sequel to "My brother the Islamist," we...
The Rico brothers are mobsters in the employ of...
Since he wants get married, the young Carabel, ...
A small group of survivors are left behind afte...
Two young people, Walter and Charlotte, are wal...
“Maria” is a film requiem for a Russian peasant...
Phillipe and Esther live an apparently idyllic ...
The story of promoter Saul Holiff's turbulent l...
Having recently lost her sight, Ingrid retreats...
10 minutes doesn't seem long to a Japanese tour...
Precisely edited to the start-stop rhythm of a ...
Ian Folivor, a depressed and reclusive 30-somet...
Jessica and Gus, two apathetic teenagers, drift...
Belgium, of all places. What's Belgium got besi...
A comedic, brutally honest documentary followin...
A girl (Lung leg) bristles at the religious dir...
Five friends set out to a cabin in the woods fo...
A student becomes a recluse in response to her ...
This is a film about a troubled teen, Sean Rand...
A small-town reporter investigates a mysterious...
An Oscar-winning writer in a slump leaves Holly...
A vacationing family encounters an alien threat...
Archaeologists discover the final resting place...
A newlywed sheriff tries to stop a shambling mo...
A jewel thief steals a sacred ruby which sets o...
Two Egyptologists, Professor Fuchs and Corbeck,...
Insects are tortured in various ways amidst the...
Paris, 1933. The daughter of a respectable lowe...
A group of friends must confront their most ter...
A portrait of the man behind the greatest fraud...
A music documentary following the breakup of Sw...
Love between a man and a woman that endures the...
In Spain, the sports journalist Juan has a perf...
Hugo, the one-of-a-kind jungle animal, is snatc...
Los Angeles S.W.A.T. officer, Lt. Paul Cutler, ...
When Lou Bloom, desperate for work, muscles int...
With unprecedented access, this documentary loo...
A dispossessed, violent man's life is a disastr...
Dagwood wants to join the trout club and Blondi...
A young boy accidentaly kicks his football thro...
During breaktime, Dara and Nader have a fierce ...
An old man with a hearing aid tires of listenin...
A lost puppy learns a lesson about the importan...
The Persona Century Corporation has purchased n...
In another dimension, the villainous scientist ...
The special bond that develops between plus-siz...
A masked criminal who dresses like a giant bat ...
After a meteor shower strikes Los Angeles, toxi...
A woman will go to whatever lengths necessary t...
The Spanish deep South, 1980. A series of bruta...
When a family visits Grandma's house on Christm...
Set in contemporary Moscow and the frozen north...
Johnny Flanagan did not have the privileges of ...
Two naive high-school students must deal with t...
The journey of Manolo, a young man who is torn ...
Rosie and Alex are best friends. They are sudde...
A prequel to "Detective Dee and the Mystery of ...
The Dancing Masters is a 1943 Laurel and Hardy ...
After the death of her parents, a young woman a...
A struggling musician becomes a 12-year-old mus...
Three friends discover a mysterious machine tha...
Smallpox plagues Chief Winterhawk's tribe. He s...
Childlike in his innocence but grotesque in for...
When Dr Frankenstein decides to retire from the...
Bernard Hill and Victoria Hamilton star in Alis...
A patient being psychoanalyzed by Dr. Snow is a...
Yann Madec, long-time best mate of Frank Drevil...
Andrew (Jase Blankfort) and his older brother C...
The Driver now carries an arrogant rock star wh...
Taken From the Wikipedia entry "The Cat Came Ba...
A couple plays Scrabble. He's stuck with seven ...
What is home? And how do we find it? TINY follo...
Caleb, a 26 year old coder at the world's large...
Two troubled youths break out of their halfway ...
A comedy-drama which follows the collapse of tw...
Crippled Avengers is a 1978 Shaw Brothers kung ...
A train runs into a cow on the tracks; with the...
Roger and Doris are a childless couple who get ...
A young man assembles a band of adventurers to ...
Australian stuntman Grant Page goes to Los Ange...
Throughout the two days preceding her long-awai...
We meet Doctor Lloyd Clayton at the funeral of ...
A young, once-great Hollywood film director ref...
An exploration of the relationship between Beat...
A group of German boys is ordered to protect a ...
Follow the exploits of taciturn hero No Name an...
Based on the 2013 Academy Award® winning short ...
After cheating on her mean boyfriend, Lewis, Br...
A documentary that examines whether a charity o...
A crew of coal miners becomes trapped 600 feet ...
Laurel and Hardy join the army. They are hardly...
Pirita and Aslak are newly married. However, As...
The two-man Laurel and Hardy Zoot Suit Band fin...
In a Welsh coal mining valley, a young man with...
The Guinness World of Records contains the most...
Louis Ortiz, a down on his luck 40-something Pu...
Dr. Gillespie is called in to investigate when ...
                      Charlie Chan's Greatest Case
Mr Hublot is a withdrawn, idiosyncratic charact...
Eccentric British painter J.M.W. Turner  lives ...
Conjoined twins Daisy and Violet Hilton were on...
After weeks of traveling through Europe, the im...
Serial Killer Culture examines the reasons why ...
On a cruise ship from Honolulu to San Francisco...
Allen Colby, heir to a huge fortune, is presume...
Wilbur the pig knows how important friendship i...
A gang of street boys foil a master crook who s...
Driven by his struggle against the illness that...
The story, set in Lisbon, concerns Eloi (Henriq...
A single mom and her two boys help take care of...
Alan Ladd as Canadian is the focus of this Brit...
The toys throw Ken and Barbie a Hawaiian vacati...
Maggie Simpson returns to the Ayn Rand School f...
A fast food restaurant mini variant of Buzz for...
A rag doll fights a monster that has been steal...
Wyatt Earp is approached by a journalist for an...
A police sniper teams up with a hot-headed rook...
                                               NaN
In 1934, four brilliant Cambridge men are recru...
A teenager joins the resistance in Nazi-occupie...
The young and promising genetics researcher Tho...
When the rogueish but loveable Raif is asked to...
Young law student Johann Wolfgang von Goethe is...
Hoping to raise enough capital to finance a leg...
A disgruntled man creates a hit list with a str...
"The Prodigy" tells the story of small-time enf...
After a stint in a psychiatric hospital, a youn...
The year is 1974. A young Hong Kong Chinese, Ma...
Rebels seize control of the hotel where a Marin...
Sometimes the easiest jobs get a little complic...
An outlaw named Guerrero Hernandez is shot in t...
Seal Team Eight must fight their way deep into ...
The small town of Pinchcliffe is experiencing a...
Dr. Stephen Strange embarks on a wondrous journ...
Join Barbie and her sisters Skipper, Stacie and...
The Hero Factory's mission: to build the braves...
A new Rookie team has been assigned to complete...
Get ready for a magical, fun-filled journey of ...
An adventurous quest for a treasure hidden in K...
A few days before Christmas Eve the last sack o...
Littlefoot and the gang meet a shy newcomer, Al...
This fourth sequel in the series finds "leaf go...
Legends claim that Saurus Rock keeps bad luck o...
Fievel and his friend Tony Toponi find a map th...
Follow the clues to fun and excitement as the b...
The Lunar Base Ark explores ore and unexpectedl...
When the crazed commander (Eli Danker) of a sad...
It's tornadoes, hurricanes, electrical storms, ...
The gaudy rise and dizzy fall of the last great...
A Marine must do whatever it takes to save his ...
A shell-shocked Afghanistan war hero named Ivan...
Sergei and Simon have to deliver a suitcase ful...
What would you do on the last day on Earth?  Wi...
Berlin, 1941. Five friends eager to become hero...
Shi-Jie is a brilliant martial artist from the ...
A young man returns to Kashmir after his father...
Villagers find their situation growing increasi...
An in-depth visual and verbal account of one of...
An American government hit man on the run makes...
Soccer Dog: European Cup opens with the titular...
A group of Marines return to Vietnam with a new...
Some students at Runcie prep school form an eli...
Iraq, 2004: during a routine sortie a US patrol...
In the massive city of Tokyo, Kumiko, a twenty-...
A comedy about the attempts of tribal groups ar...
Erik has is own motorbike workshop in a sleepy ...
15-year-old Nina witnesses a terrible crime tha...
Captain Rameses and his Legion of the Winged Se...
Alison Ellwood’s intimate, meticulously crafted...
On the beaches of Kenya they're known as "Sugar...
December 1942. Two young soldiers leave their p...
A writer-director known for becoming obsessed w...
Helen, a priest, is approached by scientist Lis...
A district attorney investigates the racially c...
An accidental nerve gas leak by the military ki...
Alvar is a pensioner who hides his guilt by "co...
A look at how one investigator spent ten years ...
The road-show troupe of a top Broadway show go ...
A country girl tries to talk her way into a sta...
Set in 1974, an authentic and uplifting tale of...
A famed stage actor reunites his family for a p...
Set primarily in 1975 in the fictional town of ...
A girl called Hannah goes back to her hometown ...
Six college students take a wrong turn and find...
Tim and Allie seek shelter in a remote desert c...
When a girl named Jamie repeatedly tries to con...
The businessman who sends the first Chilean ast...
Vienna, 1906. A passionate love story develops ...
Elizabeth is the star of a successful cooking s...
In a town not so far away and a time not so lon...
A retired teacher and a soap star leave their r...
Cleopatra, the famed Egyptian Queen born in 69 ...
Marco leads a double life. As Marco, he is a co...
A slacker trust-fund type finds the motivation ...
In april 1944, an allied agent is sent to Franc...
A boy kidnapped by two mismatched hitmen puts t...
A jewel thief moves towards a reunion of reveng...
A female police officer has to keep a prisoner ...
A woman discovers becoming attracted to the wro...
An outlaw must decide whether to stick his neck...
Set around a wife and husband on vacation in Mo...
Five people visit a fairground sideshow run by ...
Jean-Luc Godard made the hour-long 1969 experim...
Godard, Miéville and Gorin (aka the "Dziga Vert...
Revolutionary French New Wave director Jean-Luc...
This film is made up several sketches in which ...
Mr. Pest tries several theatre seats before win...
It is windy at a bathing resort. After fighting...
Mabel goes home after being humiliated by a mas...
Small film integrated in a series of 3 shortfil...
Lord knows where John of God has been. He's com...
A satirical and delirious short which sums up t...
In this highly theatrical TV production, Montei...
“I think my film represents above all the proof...
The sensational expose of the complicity of Bri...
The shameful history of persecution of the Abor...
                                               NaN
Scott plays Steve Farrell, a Colt .45 salesman ...
While oil drilling, Hoppy and California discov...
The trials and tribulations of wealthy young Ma...
An MI5 officer's attempts to foil a possible te...
A strange and destructive relationship develops...
Three down-on-their-luck, twenty-something fema...
Set at the turn of the century, smooth talking ...
The story focuses on a middle-school math teach...
In a Russian coastal town, Kolya is forced to f...
About an aspiring author who wakes up from a 27...
A council case worker looks for the relatives o...
In an underground city in a dystopian future, t...
The French computer programmer Laura inherits t...
The greatest Olympic Wrestling Champion brother...
An epic battle rages lawn on the streets of Har...
The ghost of a samurai's wife takes revenge on ...
Jerry Strong is the son of a rich businessman, ...
Set in ancient China, Zeng Jing is a skilled as...
One Monday morning Katya, Vika and Zhanna learn...
A 1930's British summer Bank Holiday starts at ...
Spies on opposite sides fall in love in pre-rev...
Ginger Rogers and Francis Lederer share equal b...
Tange Sazen is the prototype mould of the embit...
A Swedish princess boards an ocean liner in Eur...
An infatuated debutante renews a Shakespearean ...
A European princess arrives in New York City to...
A playboy marries a woman doctor then grows jea...
Raymond Dabney returns to his family after trou...
Lured by the promise of an Australian holiday, ...
While at a ski lodge, Larry Blake sees instruct...
When a crafty reporter uses false pretenses to ...
Madeline Goddard (Leigh), is a British double a...
A yuppie couple lost in a swamp seek refuge at ...
 A gangster takes a doctor and his family hostage.
Bob Holt's last journey as a Railway engine dri...
While traveling across country with her fiancé,...
As a child, Ali Neuman narrowly escaped being m...
The story of trench life during World War I thr...
A young woman turns to Sherlock Holmes for prot...
Walking with Dinosaurs 3D is a film depicting l...
A squad of Ultramarines answer a distress call ...
Tinkerbell wanders into the forbidden Winter wo...
A blue harvest moon will rise, allowing the fai...
The story of Mike Tyson. From his early days as...
The famous conductor (Vladas Bagdonas) goes wit...
In 16th-century Russia in the grip of chaos, Iv...
Ivan is old Russia: thick, dour, hard-working, ...
Vincent Price stars in this early '60s adaptati...
After successfully swindling thousands of dolla...
Texas cattleman Opie Bedloe comes to Maine to v...
A criminologist investigates the murder of a Br...
Texas writer Horton Foote's touching story set ...
Dustin, an aspiring painter meets this woman na...
Jimmy lives in the tranquil town of Eagle Rock,...
Coral Reef Adventure follows the real-life expe...
When Spence and Hogan graduate from college, li...
Bill's separated from his litter, making friend...
Foundling Heathcliff is raised by the wealthy E...
A group of rodeo trick-riders recruits a young ...
If you only know Craig Ferguson as host of The ...
The crew of the nuclear submarine USS Ulysses r...
If you like your comedy served up raw, tasty an...
Vicious Circle captures the hottest comic in Am...
Crazy is the story of a legendary guitar player...
Six people are brought together at the funeral ...
While her husband is on his way to the market, ...
Jonathan Demme directs this joyous unrelentless...
An adaptation of Dostoyevsky's novel, updated t...
A young drifter meets up with a strange old man...
A modern day adaptation of Dostoyevsky's classi...
Bob Hope is a New York theater critic and his w...
The successful undercover agent Victor Cooper i...
A rogue gunman is assassinating high-ranking mi...
Former Hollywood star Reagan Pearce (Ryan Phill...
This film is dominated by an icy blue. In a mon...
A drama centered on a classical pianist who has...
A social worker tries to end juvenile crime by ...
An American doctor gets caught in the middle of...
A man and a woman go out on a "big" third date....
Julian is perfectly happy in his relationship w...
A secret admirer's crush on a high school athle...
The Army nurses on Bataan need help badly, but ...
Petty crook and cop-killer Martin Rome, in bad ...
A journey that takes one man into the bowels of...
Prepare yourself for the all too deadly future....
A fancy, loner cop loses his partner to a craze...
A cop tries to stop a scientist's experiments t...
As always, Carvey never crosses the line into m...
Dave Attell is funnier and more outlandish than...
Cowgirls 'n Angels Dakota's Summer tells the st...
Rick Morgan, an American engineer who runs a mi...
A treasury agent on the trail of counterfeit mo...
Two boys, whose parents ply their trade by the ...
A Harvard Medical School graduate takes a posit...
A gang of skinheads 'Russia 88' are filming pro...
                                No overview found.
Spitz is the German-Jewish coach of the footbal...
During college military training exercises, the...
An old man dies of heartbreak when a cruel land...
This film is about the relationship of a mother...
War in Abkhazia 1990. An Estonian man Ivo has s...
A 29-year-old lawyer  and her lesbian best frie...
From Writer/Director Marina Rice Bader (Executi...
A master sculptor and his apprentice are trappe...
A former race car driver is abducted by a myste...
Yotsuya Kaidan, the story of Oiwa and Tamiya Ie...
Elephants are among the most majestic and intel...
An agit-prop edutainment ho down featuring a be...
Two bumblers, failures as businessmen and air r...
Karl is the workaholic adopted son while Stepha...
Using morgue photos, newsreel footage, and a re...
Welcome to the modest small town of Bucks Count...
A new documentary on director Nobuo Nakagawa an...
A lighthouse keeper finds a little girl who is ...
Ivana Cornejo is just getting used to being sin...
A band of mercenaries led by Captain Curry trav...
Unable to make it as a commercial success becau...
After a roustabout sailer avoids being shanghai...
A wild teenage girl orchestrates a romance betw...
Napoleon Bonaparte's younger brother, visiting ...
When Santa's helper La Befana falls ill and mus...
Alexis Winston is a young girl who dreams of be...
In 1860s Paris, a young woman, Therese, is trap...
Harry Musk is one in a million. That means that...
Kickboxing champion Matt Reeves witnesses the m...
Kiki, a poor young woman who sells newspapers o...
A young Frenchwoman is determined to get into a...
A true Canadian iconoclast, acclaimed transgend...
The Rolling Stones’ record-breaking 1981 arena ...
Gender activist Diane Torr’s worldwide appearan...
Eugenio offers his childhood friend Martin a wo...
Feature film from award-winning writer/director...
Remington lives in a small provincial town. He’...
Two young men — a Palestinian grad student and ...
Tells the "riches to rags" story of the Nobles,...
In a post-zombie world, where the infected live...
Sixteen-year-old Billie’s reluctant path to ind...
Alejandra is sick of her daily life and her pas...
A free adaptation of Charles Perrault's famous ...
When a team of Shaolin-trained kung fu actors i...
The film tells the story of documentary filmmak...
Gerrie, Richard, Rikkert, Robbie and Barry from...
A concert to celebrate Bulgaria joining the EU ...
The man who broke the jug, the judge, is trying...
This movie is of Hally, an adolescent white Sou...
An artist working in a remote army post is jugg...
On shore leave, a young sailor meets and falls ...
Seven British children bury their mother and hi...
A put-upon Jewish deli owner in Brooklyn dreams...
Circus tells the story of an American named Mar...
Drama set in 1942, during one of the most impor...
For generations, it was an urban legend that li...
Al Klein and his longtime friend, Ash Martini, ...
Uncle Claude comes to the Ardmore Beach Hotel t...
A CIA agent is sent to get Professor Braun befo...
An American woman arrives in Hong Kong to unrav...
                                No overview found.
A gang hold a family hostage in their own home....
When men on a photo safari stumble into a misan...
Tim Kelly is an orphan who runs away after his ...
During World War II, convicts are recruited by ...
AA tennis bum (Tony Franciosa) and his Malibu B...
The first in a series of movies based on the po...
Inventor Thomas Edison's boyhood is chronicled ...
Joan Lyons and her friend Patricia Drew are aut...
After her father Stanley Jordan loses his wealt...
The health conscious, dairy-farming Higgins fam...
Loosely adapted from Dante's Divine Comedy and ...
A darkly comedic travelogue of the underworld -...
After three men are convicted of bank robberies...
David Spade focuses on pop-culture bashing in h...
Two men on a desperate search to save a woman o...
Death in Love is a psychosexual-thriller about ...
"Doris Day continues her reign as America's swe...
The Farmer family is in big debts; they might l...
A farmer unearths an old top hat on his propert...
A young man sets out on a trip that takes him t...
The film follows the life story of Johann Augus...
A promising career with the police, a baby on t...
Advanced Style examines the lives of seven uniq...
In foggy London Dr Jekyll experiments on newly ...
The gruesome Nazi Zombies are back to finish th...
Taped in July before a live audience at the Sho...
A gripping story of vengeance and passion set i...
At the height of the Spanish Inquisition, high-...
Boston cop Pally is forced into early retiremen...
3 horror stories based on the writings of Natha...
F.M. discovers that different sonic frequencies...
A model named Barbara Hallen has disappeared an...
From the director of the highly acclaimed "Body...
A coven of devil-worshiping monks living in New...
Set in beautiful Vancouver, four friends set ou...
Artist David Stuart is blinded by a jealous ass...
A treasure map in four pieces, the ghost of a h...
Elle wants to be a singer/songwriter, but her d...
This 26th film installment of the Zatoichi seri...
The world erodes around Vijay, an honest police...
A gang war/drug story set in a Los Angeles ghet...
Aimless youth Rick Martin learns he has a gift ...
Dublin playwright Sean O'Casey (Rod Taylor) lov...
Widely claimed to be Joseph Stalin's favorite m...
Maxim Kammerer fights for his love and freedom....
The celebration of the 50th anniversary of “Cap...
Adolescence is like a heavy rain. Even though y...
Carl Hamilton manages to infiltrate an internat...
A desolate, windswept island. Stella and Oskar,...
When a group of ghost hunters investigate the i...
Merry Fellows was the first Soviet musical come...
As another semester draws to a close at the Uni...
Cat burglar Henry Clarke and his accomplices th...
Two inexplicably coherent zombies awake amidst ...
A documentary on Illinois Governor George Ryan,...
Ye Xiang Lun is a music student majoring in pia...
Mouna Rudo was born and raised among the Seediq...
Kyle and Sarah are starting a life together in ...
Deadline is the story of the murder of an Afric...
A young Navy sailor has one night to find out w...
As an ex-gambler teaches a hot-shot college kid...
Professor Leaf, an absent-minded poet with a pr...
A Czech refugee uses women to advance his busin...
In a dystopian future, contestants compete in a...
When a fed-up businessman tires of watching gol...
A gritty MMA fighter is forced into a twisted, ...
A choreographer who believes that he was reinca...
In search of a new lifestyle, Johannes and his ...
Independent British thriller starring Dougray S...
Lionel Chetwynd's film documents the horrific s...
Joe Cross took viewers on his journey from over...
North Carolina mountains at the end of the 1920...
A young hippie kills a man, and seeks refuge at...
They made him a hero by branding him a coward ....
David Callan, secret agent, is called back to t...
During the troubles in Ireland an IRA bomb plot...
Based on the real life story of legendary crypt...
In Los Angeles at the turn of the 1970s, drug-f...
A young prosecutor in postwar West Germany inve...
In 370 B.C, China was separated as seven nation...
In 500 B.C., during Chinas famed 'Spring and Au...
Looking for a baby-sitter for the night, Marc S...
Remember that scientist that was trying to perf...
A pirate ship, fighting in 1588 on the side of ...
This time Fu Manchu and his army of henchmen ar...
When her grave is disturbed by modern-day land ...
A grieving father in a downward spiral stumbles...
A satirical alternative history of World War II...
Lissu on 28-vuotias nuori nainen, joka työskent...
Katniss Everdeen reluctantly becomes the symbol...
Phineas T. Barnum and friends finance the first...
A tough as nails private investigator (Malone) ...
The story’s main character is Fehérlófia, who i...
Samson is a young whale that doesn't have frien...
A tale about a little fox Vuk from the novel of...
The trial story of Viviane Amsalem's five year ...
In 2009, Iranian Canadian journalist Maziar Bah...
In the shady campgrounds of Yosemite valley, cl...
Last year Edward Snowden downloaded tens of tho...
Eddie lands his first teaching gig at an inner ...
It is 90 AD, and the Roman Empire is being run ...
After 25 years of a good marriage, what will Da...
Leonardo is a blind teenager dealing with an ov...
When a young soldier in Vietnam gets dumped by ...
A lonely, down-on-her-luck waitress meets a han...
In the beautiful area of ​​Paris, Maria and Jos...
Lucienne, typist and gorgeous bathing beauty, d...
An opera star (Greta Garbo) kept by a rich olde...
Young free-thinkers turn conventionally jealous...
Railroad fireman Bill White is a carefree ladie...
Police Chief Jim Fitzpatrick is after gangster ...
Sharecropper's son Marvin tries to help his com...
While giving a private performance for a visiti...
The defiant leader Moses rises up against the E...
American journalists in Sudan are confronted wi...
Based on the true story of Max Schmeling. A nat...
Set in Brazil, three kids who make a discovery ...
Meow is a young woman roaming the streets and n...
Six short stories that explore the extremities ...
A small, lone Kappa miraculously survives over ...
Tomek Bagiński’s latest project - tells of a yo...
After many years of marriage, Walter and Madge ...
In an underground world where tunnels extend ev...
Fed Up blows the lid off everything we thought ...
Aristocrat Julian Markham keeps his disfigured ...
After losing her family to fox hunters, five-ta...
This is rural France. It's the summer of 1943, ...
A Sicilian widow earns her living as a clairvoy...
Nick Zedd's controversial and disturbing WHOREG...
Zedd is minding his business, when he is stoppe...
Zedd plays D.B. Shane, a dead star who visits a...
The trustees of Midwestern University have forc...
Doc and Wishey run into some Nazi-agents, who w...
Although loudmouthed braggart Jerry Plunkett al...
A high school girl named Riley (Anna Akana) has...
Detective Mike Hammer's investigation of a murd...
Comic artist Brösel trades a magic pen that hel...
George Jetson is forced to uproot his family wh...
Roberto is a specialist in Criminal Law whose l...
A Gypsy family travels the French roads during ...
In a misguided attempt to protect his family an...
Zedd plays dual roles in this short-film as a s...
Left brain and right brain duke it out and then...
To escape the pressures of growing up, magic-ob...
A filmmaker follows his girlfriend around Londo...
A film between fiction and reality, highlightin...
A personal film by Naomi Kawase made about her ...
                Medium-length doc by Naomi Kawase.
Rival groups in a skiing school do battle on an...
                        Short doc by Naomi Kawase.
The last piece of the trilogy, following Katats...
A short tale about the demons that slumber deep...
In 1970, three children are born at the height ...
Pops isn't worried about the renewal of the lea...
This documentary series follows actors Ewan McG...
20 years after the dimwits set out on their fir...
Three young Inuits set off in search of a promi...
They say that in 1600s, long before the inventi...
In the late 1880s, Colonel Carrington and his c...
As he eases into adulthood at the age of forty,...
Gunfighter "Brazos" Kane lays aside his guns "f...
When Lonnie Franklin Jr. was arrested in South ...
Activist-pranksters Andy Bichlbaum and Mike Bon...
Dolores Hart left a successful Hollywood acting...
Director Robin Hardy's reimagining of his eerie...
Michael Gavin and his partner Daniel trade the ...
After suffering the recent loss of his wife, Da...
Several men hiking in the mountains discover an...
Miss Meadows is a school teacher with impeccabl...
"Too Many Cooks" is a humorous parody of US sit...
When Charlie's old friend from Scotland Yard is...
An earnest life-coach/author, Thomas Carter, is...
A family man's encounter with a beautiful woman...
The incredible true story of how an orphaned Ja...
When a gloomy, God-fearing island community is ...
Four black students attend an Ivy League colleg...
It's November 1989 and the world is changing, s...
A religious organization interferes with the li...
A young girl's arrival at a convent after the d...
Painted Skin is based on one of Pu Songling's c...
This film follows the remarkable and inspiratio...
Based on Puccini's opera La bohème, Rent tells ...
A thief tries to fix the damage done during the...
After the death of her father, a woman is force...
More interested in partying and flirting with y...
Veera, a fire-cracker of a girl who lives in a ...
A young widow takes over her late husband’s tru...
When an affluent matriarch gathers her dysfunct...
A bride-to-be is forced to reevaluate her life ...
The son of the world's greatest detective embar...
Two policewomen from Internal Affairs arrive in...
A doctor takes in a mysterious man who washes a...
The most famous guitar-makers in the world band...
The film follows Kamala, a young woman from Chi...
A musical dramedy about a guy named Joe and his...
A Miami boy’s journey into manhood over the mos...
Kat receives a weekend at a couples retreat as ...
A young, self-destructive Montana Blackfoot Ind...
The Theory of Everything is the extraordinary s...
Sam, a soldier who had served in Afghanistan an...
Dori and Norman, two stunning and sophisticated...
Artist and filmmaker Sharon Lockhart is known f...
‘Moscou’ is a densely populated working class n...
Based on the story of the famous Mormon leader,...
Wall Street broker Robert Cain, Sr., is jailed ...
After crooked nightclub owner Chips Maguire mur...
Orbiting a quiet backwater planet, the massed f...
The team of people who saved Winter's life reas...
Ginger Rogers and Ronald Colman star in this wh...
Cantinflas, the boyfriend of the servant of a r...
What go around comes around for a pair of prank...
Deranged’ follows four girls who go on a bachel...
A young coach turns a losing high school footba...
Rahul is a singer, who loses his career due to ...
Taking all that was great from the first instal...
Through interviews with leading psychologists a...
Legendary rock impresario Bill Graham closed th...
Two boys from a small town find their courage t...
An odd-but-gifted poet, Evan Merck (Wes Bentley...
The story of Nathan, a young teenager who tries...
Johan has been locked up - wrongly in his opini...
Jesper Jensen is a successful IT salesman who s...
                                               NaN
Paris, December. A conductor of a choir is foun...
More than anything, 30-year-old Rose longs to b...
A young woman makes a surprising discovery abou...
A romantic comedy about two Parisian therapists...
A young doctor in a US hospital administers a p...
Serge Renart, a television journalist who's now...
Real Time is a comedic drama about a compulsive...
Archaeologist Sigurd Svendsen discovers that th...
In France, terrorist groups and intelligence ag...
Set in the modern day mid-west, the film focuse...
Scandal erupts over a famous bullfighter's affa...
A lottónyereménynek hála, Tamás megcsinálhatta ...
Laura Baxter is a young woman, literally a "sle...
An action movie centered around a group of stre...
In 1969, Kenji, an elementary school kid and hi...
The seemingly random killings of an assassin pu...
Qin Fen, a funny, honest, single inventor, met ...
Virunga in the Democratic Republic of the Congo...
Izzy is raising her younger brother, Kevin, by ...
During the holiday season, when the animals of ...
A tough detective who is part of an elite New Y...
V/H/S: VIRAL's segments include the story of a ...
'Running from Crazy' is a documentary examining...
In spring, a girl leaves the island of Hokkaido...
Peyangki is a dreamy and solitary eight-year-ol...
Victor is both thrilled and mystified when his ...
A Californian family inherits a castle in Roman...
Already three trustees of the Van Traylen fund ...
Flagwaving story of a new American destroyer, t...
The story of the 1973 hockey season when aging ...
Scrat tries to finish his rather large collecti...
A man begins to suspect that his long-distance ...
A hopeful young starlet uncovers the ominous or...
After a catatonic episode on a railway station ...
A young girl is sent to the country for health ...
Interpol Inspector Zenigata begins a world-wide...
Sun Wukong, (The Monkey King) is a monkey born ...
The story of the last Seal Child’s journey home...
A.D. 2400, DEVA's central council detects an in...
A young girl named Kiki (Fuka Koshiba) must lea...
Several people think the city is a maze and the...
A banker strikes up a sadomasochistic relations...
A magic crystal causes double the number of gif...
Noni Jean is a hot new rising star. But not all...
A workaholic father becomes sole parent to his ...
A group of adventurers are gathered together to...
An enormous and angry 35 foot Great White Shark...
Paulette lives alone in a housing project in th...
In the winter of 1820, the New England whaling ...
Rita is a girl that lives on taking gangsters a...
Everyone in the village of Bouzolles knows the ...
Five brothers similar yet different, raised by ...
In the Ming Dynasty, there lives four orphans, ...
The lives of five seemingly unrelated lost soul...
Brian, (Luke Goss, DEATH RACE 2, HELLBOY II) is...
The cuddly Care Bears star in this charming fea...
A nobleman, posing as a necktie salesman, falls...
Villains launch Fatty and Mabel's beachfront ho...
After a horse accident, Karen wakes up to find ...
A romantic drama set in Germany just before WWI...
Followup movie to the TV series about 250,000 a...
Sikes and Francisco are called in to a case whe...
When detectives Sikes and Francisco are present...
It's 1999, and as the end of the millenium appr...
Nagraj Manjule’s film is a scorching indictment...
Garvey is a San Francisco pawnshop operator. Hi...
Reflecting the tumultuous politics of the early...
Amanda is a corporate highflier who needs a sla...
When Stuart learns that his British ex-girlfrie...
The film is based on the story of the same name...
Alan Turing is the genius British mathematician...
Anger rages in Philip as he awaits the publicat...
When a police department's burglary task force ...
The girlfriends of softball players decide to f...
Asian rising star Angelababy plays a paralegal ...
Starting with the image of a tour bus warming i...
Min-joon is a believer in true love and always ...
Twenty-two years after the events of Jurassic P...
Following their triumph with Manufactured Lands...
In June 2013, Laura Poitras and reporter Glenn ...
                                               NaN
                                               NaN
                                               NaN
A family’s secret, it’s a time bomb !  Despite ...
Lola, a striking teenaged girl who is on the cu...
In order to wipe out the Gaulish village by any...
When Emma meets Cassandra, they initiate a rela...
What starts as a poignant medical documentary a...
A gifted high-school student flubs her college ...
  Two families go to an open house and can't leave
Five million Americans suffer from Alzheimer's ...
Released from federal prison after 20 years due...
In this violent spaghetti western a murderous r...
Santa Claus develops amnesia after accidentally...
When Ricky Miller, a single, quiet 40-year old ...
Ten people gather together at a complex named “...
A sci-fi film about futuristic Africa, 35 years...
The story of Lanze who is in love with the prin...
Inspired by the picturesque paintings of Thomas...
Single and middle-aged, beautiful Irene (Margar...
What child has never dreamed of having a double...
Previously known as "My Girlfriend as a Gangste...
Richard Hannay, a mining engineer on holiday fr...
Dale, Kurt and Nick decide to start their own b...
Documentary by Jean-Pierre Gorin about twin gir...
A group of oddball high school students find th...
A Native American Civil War hero returns home t...
Simon Cordier, a French magistrate and amateur ...
Fong Sai Yuk's uninhibited arrogance toward a M...
A political drama centered around Israel's pull...
The Beaver Trilogy combines three separate vign...
A woman who has been married and divorced five ...
The third of the "Doctor" films. Newly qualifie...
"Doctor in Distress" is the fifth of the seven ...
The first of the seven "Doctor" films, based on...
If there was one thing that Don Juan de Marana ...
Spain in the mid-seventeenth century. A series ...
A deeply disturbed photographer and Vietnam vet...
The Navy expects a veteran (Jerry Lewis) to pay...
Madison Avenue-trained Navy men (Glenn Ford, Fr...
Donner Pass has a well-known and macabre histor...
Two beefed-up twins (played by the Paul brother...
Set on the Jersey shore, the lives of three chi...
A re-make of the 1922 silent film that details ...
Maya Dolittle (Kyla Pratt) thinks she doesn't h...
Maya Dolittle (Kyla Pratt) is back in a heartwa...
The doctor (Lionel Barrymore) has a Kansan (Van...
Dr. Henry Jekyll is a well-regarded physician w...
Dr. Socrates is a 1935 crime film starring Paul...
When Geoff, an orphaned stable boy (Chris Maste...
A mechanic gets caught up with the mob when he ...
Horror gets Super Sized when Horny The Clown, t...
When their money scam runs aground, a group of ...
Set around the turn of the century in China, th...
A football halfback (Victor Mature) has a heart...
Two men vie for the heart of a Cypress Gardens ...
Story of the lives of three Soviet pilots who a...
Luke, an escaped convict, and Jaroo, a loner go...
A man crossing into Mexico with a satchel of $2...
Marie has had a tough childhood ever since her ...
Two stages of a Dominican-American's life; firs...
A small-town beauty queen and an unlicensed mor...
Harmony had an encounter early in life with the...
A "mockumentary" about Elvis's real-life trip t...
Uncle Rollo finally retires to the house he was...
When police are puzzled by several horrific mur...
After a shocking photo of a young woman is foun...
A couple unite - she is fluent in the crane sty...
Larry (Crispin Glover) organizes a talent show ...
A young woman returns home after being institut...
In this sequel to "Knock On Any Door", the resi...
Urban fairytale set in Manchester. A series of ...
Millionaire sportsman Hiram Brighton hires gums...
Agatha Christie's classic whodunit speeds into ...
Singer Steve, friend Seymour and fiance Jane, a...
After a major shipment of drugs goes missing on...
French jewel thief Lupin (Charles Korvin) robs ...
Sue, Cheryl and Lexi are three college freshmen...
The colorful holiday classic is finally brought...
“The Forgotten Faces (1961), a film reconstruct...
Recorded live at Hammersmith Apollo, Russell qu...
A group of careless and unlucky drivers are sen...
A family vacation is bogged down by unrelenting...
The Progressive Party convention is deadlocked ...
The pilots of a Royal Air Force squadron in Wor...
A convict returns to his home town to torturing...
A Korean War veteran discovers his Washington-b...
Two children run away from a Swiss boarding sch...
In the wake of the Spanish-American war, milita...
When Claire Mathewson's (Thelma Todd) husband S...
Five men ride into the eerie town of Yellow Roc...
A man suffering from insomnia is tricked into b...
As the popularity of the Dancing Outlaw grew af...
On what seems to be just another ordinary day, ...
T,O,U,C,H,I,N,G uses flickering frames of solid...
In Little Hamlet, Skolimowski shows his predile...
As part of an intergalactic coalition, a well-m...
Skipper, Kowalski, Rico and Private join forces...
After receiving rave reviews in Australia, New ...
IVUL is the extraordinary story of Alex (Jacob ...
'Hotline' is a feature length documentary about...
Fame proves elusive for comic Jesse Sanchez, wh...
A grieving widower is drawn into a custody batt...
RAGAMUFFIN is based on the true story of Rich M...
     Early silent short film by Jerzy Skolimowski.
A young British soldier must find his way back ...
At 14 Rabha El Haimer was an illiterate child b...
In 1919, Australian farmer Joshua Connor travel...
Filmmaker Kate Churchill is determined to prove...
In the short break between performances in Cala...
The story of a rabbi and his talking cat, a sha...
Maverick. Auteur. Rebel. Innovator. Storyteller...
Alice Howland, happily married with three grown...
Claude Mendelbaum est un informaticien trentena...
In "Grumpy Cat’s Worst Christmas Ever," Grumpy ...
A young Peruvian bear with a passion for all th...
                                               NaN
For Robbing the Dead is a story of compassion -...
A young woman recuperating at her father's run-...
Thomas and his fellow Gladers face their greate...
Director Christina Voros and producer James Fra...
Odessa is a beautiful girl addicted to the atte...
“Showrunners” is the first ever feature length ...
Dirigible commander Jack Braden and Navy pilot ...
Three Scottish officers, including Sir Archi, m...
A teenage girl, Jessica, befriends a teenage bo...
Nothing new, but an old thing done over again a...
A being made of sand wakes up in the desert. It...
Scooby-Doo and those "meddling kids" Shaggy, Fr...
A man, Joseph, loses his wife at sea, then spir...
On the evening of his decoration for bringing a...
Burt's Buzz is an in-depth and personal look at...
When Sid accidentally destroys Manny's heirloom...
        A murder-à-trois in every conceivable way.
Two bartenders try to achieve their dreams thro...
British soldiers guarding the Kajaki Dam set ou...
Four overweight friends from the Israeli city o...
Lousy lover and egocentric Eric Sparrow is dump...
Small-time jewel thief Leo Martin (William Hart...
Life becomes a tragedy for the wife (Margaret L...
Somerset Maugham introduces four of his tales i...
The true story of the British explorer Robert F...
Christopher Columbus overcomes intrigue at the ...
A classic Ealing comedy in which a young boy st...
A blackmailer is murdered, and those who witnes...
Jewel thieves, murder and a manhunt swirl aroun...
After seizing an English ship, buccaneer captai...
The feminist author of a national best-seller t...
Young Robin Hood, in love with Maid Marian, ent...
Tells the story of Mary Tudor and her troubled ...
In World War II, the greatest threat to the Bri...
The second of the seven "Doctor" films, based o...
Returning from a cricket match in Ireland, Pete...
Captain Vinka Kovelenko defects from Russia, bu...
An archaeologist believes a Mexican woman is th...
A grounded American figter pilot is switched to...
On marrying the boss's daughter, Richard takes ...
A former burglar trying to go straight joins a ...
Story of a woman torn between her love for two ...
Women around the globe begin disappearing when ...
A mentally unhinged factory worker must decide ...
A satirical comedy about the excessive restrict...
This is story about a dentist with the talent o...
A half-fiction half-documentary story about spo...
Matyora is a small village on a beautiful islan...
Two men, an aging Native American and a ne'er-d...
The artist behind the sensation of a $10 millio...
This sequel to the popular British comedy sees ...
Maria's family give her a puzzle for her 50th b...
Donald Glover dispenses excess hysterics in his...
Sarah &amp; Josh are married suburbanites. Afte...
Bubbles and the other boys get a letter from a ...
Hong Mu-Hyeok is a quiet high school music teac...
Chaos consumes a small town when a chemical fac...
When Kyle returns from his stag-do with a sexua...
An authoress writes a steaming sex-novel and pr...
Duncan Mayor decides the perfect Christmas pres...
A unique horror film told from the first-person...
Pascal, 53, and Carole, 28, are shepherds. In t...
Ivan Mirosnikov, a cheeky young man in the Gorb...
Gotham City is terrorized not only by recent es...
Race car driver suffers from visions where he s...
A married couple are traveling on a deserted de...
Mason is driving a truck when he takes on his l...
Dickens' orphan Pip (Phillips Holmes) goes to L...
Seven-year-olds Michael and Rachel are best fri...
A chronicle of the life of Yasui Santetsu, a 17...
This real-life thriller tells the story of one ...
It is the mid-1930s and the storm clouds of WWI...
"COWSPIRACY: The Sustainability Secret" is a gr...
“McConkey,” a 90-minute documentary to be relea...
From abject poverty to becoming a ten-time boxi...
A black comedy/drama about a lonely ice-cream v...
The co-pilot and engineer of a passenger jet st...
Bus Riley, once his small town's hot high-schoo...
"A truly remarkable performance!" - Charlie Cha...
Smitty, a young man sentenced to six months in ...
The Party Animal is a documentary-style comedy ...
There were three friends. Someone became the as...
The true story of Derek Bentley, whose convicti...
Wanderers is a vision of humanity's expansion i...
A veteran actress comes face-to-face with an un...
Evan Lake, a veteran CIA agent, has been ordere...
A bunch of city slickers from different backgro...
When tragedy rocks Blackfoot High, rebellious o...
Prosperous professional couple Mike and Christi...
It's not unusual for alcoholic cop Lou to black...
Indian mother Mrs Sethi's (Azmi) obsession with...
Vatican investigators are sent to the British W...
When RED awakens in a prison cell within an old...
Korean family made up of taekwondo experts move...
Norwegian Ninja is the true story of how Comman...
The story of two totally contrasting figures wh...
An exorcism comedy which follows the Order of H...
When a rival nation sends troops to invade the ...
Brandon plays Brandon Ma, a regular working Joe...
After someone is killed in the subterranean pro...
Stockholm Syndrome.  Feelings arise between a y...
When fellow operatives (and childhood friends) ...
                                               NaN
A portrait of the influential American film cri...
After earth is taken over by an army of robots,...
Andy Warhol directs a single 35-minute shot of ...
Sam Peckinpah's younger sister Fern Lea Peter r...
A short story narrated by an unknown British so...
The story of a young painter from the Bahamas, ...
8-year-old Finn who is terrified to learn his f...
Stories from the lives of the tenants of the Mo...
After 15 years, Tomas, a moderately successful ...
A rising Boston gangster (Ben Barnes) endangers...
Kham is the last in long line of guards who onc...
Thriller charting the moral collapse of a polic...
A decade after the American Civil War, Edward Y...
Damien Thorn is dead, but his prophecy is rebor...
Seven friends, struggling with late 20s, early ...
A group of scientists is sent to the planet Ark...
A night flight through hysteria and police surv...
A family moves to a small town in California wh...
A young man finds out that his parents had been...
A young girl travels to Cairo to visit her fath...
Tony (John Light) works in an auction house, wh...
Ethan Tell is a small time crook who makes a bi...
The film was produced as a compilation film. Bl...
A reporter becomes the target of a vicious smea...
On his 18th birthday, Johnny finds out that he'...
Urho Kaleva Kekkonen, the long-time president o...
Stanislas Previne is a young sociologist, prepa...
The story of the first blind man ever to reach ...
This first co-production of the Soviet and Indi...
A colonial scene in the U.S. An old lady sits a...
H6 tells the story of Antonio Frau, a serial ki...
Sallah Shabati, the patriarch of the big family...
Philosopher, pop-icon, shaman and story teller ...
A portrait of New York artist Keith Haring. The...
Follows the behind-the-scenes work of Studio Gh...
Mei has an adventure with a Kittenbus and her r...
The tough gun-man Burt Sullivan (Franco Nero) l...
A murder mystery set on an island near Venice. ...
A man, released after a jail term for a crime h...
                                               NaN
When his wife is kidnapped by a local crime lor...
                                               NaN
A gas station becomes the center of social life...
The investigation of the bombing of a hotel lob...
In this modern telling of the classic tale, asp...
Caroll Baker stars in this psychedelic shocker ...
The motel has a special room designed for sexua...
Sadistic no-count killer Nanni Vitali and three...
In early seventies Italy, plagued by criminalit...
Fourth 'Bring It On' movie is set at a cheerlea...
Discover what it really takes to strike out on ...
Benedetto is a child who came out of an acciden...
"Poliziotti solitudine e rabbia" or "Ein Mann n...
A wealthy English lord is suffering a mental br...
                                               NaN
Fed up with the murderous shenanigans of Valli’...
                                               NaN
                                               NaN
                                               NaN
An Italian reporter is travelling on the Instab...
In the desert paradise of pleasure and pain, a ...
Dopo otto anni trascorsi su una piattaforma pet...
The Savage Three are three young men, fresh int...
Luigi, a middle-aged engineer who, getting incr...
A drug deal goes bad and the heroin is stolen. ...
In this unusual offbeat black comedy directed b...
                                               NaN
A man gets caught up in a criminal organization...
A female school teacher is implicated in a murd...
Battle-scarred and disillusioned by the war, Co...
In 1983, a naive man is detained by Australian ...
A group of middle-aged women get together at a ...
A New York journalist visits her distant cousin...
An Ottawa police captain searches for the perso...
Experimental short film in which color patches ...
Hen Hop is a 1942 drawn-on-film animation short...
An illustration of a traditional French Canadia...
Larry's daughter wants only one thing for Chris...
A widow falls for a guy who bears a striking re...
Anabel Sims is determined to find the perfect h...
Stanley Kramer's WW-II character study has Lee ...
A low level gangster in Hong Kong gains new res...
The guests of a villa are killed off one by one...
Immediately after the events of The Desolation ...
Set in ancient Britain, at a time when much of ...
"Selma," as in Alabama, the place where segrega...
A chronicle of the life of Louis Zamperini, an ...
A suspenseful adventure thriller directed by Ac...
An orphan girl melts the hearts of three crusty...
Two strangers find their lives colliding in an ...
The film starts out incredibly in a beautiful G...
A millionaire past his prime and his young wife...
A woman's ex-husband, who is the son of an Arab...
A newly arrived governor finds his province und...
In London, an amnesiac is abducted and beaten b...
Isaac Hayes plays as Lee in his feature film de...
A girl is murdered in a park. The man is tried ...
Two brothers, Monty and Ted, will inherit $300,...
A chief police inspector investigates the disap...
A criminal (Giuliano Gemma) seeks vengeance whe...
Once again billed as Montgomery Wood, Giuliano ...
Giuliano Gemma stars as a cool, cocky mercenary...
Il Fornaretto di Venezia (US TV title: The Scap...
Kirk Warren, a former spy, is to be executed be...
A young refugee of the Sudanese Civil War who w...
A man meets his lookalike, who's not just a kil...
Several comic greats pay tribute to the legenda...
Everyone thinks of Santa Claus as a magical fig...
A man steals the Mona Lisa from the Louvre in 1...
Travails of a family heading West in a covered ...
A woman infiltrates a criminal mob to avenge he...
An aspiring actress makes a pact with her fianc...
Tish Gray had a baby and gave it up for adoptio...
Fat Pizza the Film is yet another slice of life...
Good Copy Bad Copy is a documentary about copyr...
A young couple's wedding ceremony is brutally i...
A brief look into Romany culture and Rom (Gypsi...
A fantastical re-imagining of the events of 197...
In Guesta Verde University, the deranged Profes...
One night, several deer hurl themselves unexpec...
A homicidal maniac is accidentally released fro...
An all-star cast heads up this intimate film ab...
It all started with the first Zombie infection ...
A documentary on reggae music and culture in Ja...
The story of a young man disillusioned by love ...
An aspiring Gordie journalist drops his inhibit...
Virgil, an eccentric freak billionaire, spends ...
Five high school cheerleaders, their coach and ...
Masayuki Asao's "Flower and Snake 4:Rope Magic"...
McLibel is a documentary film directed by Frann...
A teenager enters the competitive world of groc...
After the mysterious death of her mother, a you...
Dennis Jennings (Steven Wright) is an introvert...
A scientist obsessed with World War III hits th...
Mother and daughter - Big Edie and Little Edie ...
A distraught weapons dealer is involved in an a...
Christine gets her big chance at modelling when...
                                No overview found.
The Dust Bowl chronicles the worst man-made eco...
Police commander Simon Weiss, head of the divis...
A businessman (Fredric March) falls for his sec...
A country/western singer on a trip through the ...
A Romanian police officer teams up with a small...
Adaptation of the eponymous play of Jardiel Pon...
Dramatisation of the true story of the life of ...
George Taylor returns from the WWII with amnesi...
Two female Army agents go undercover at a Nazi ...
An army of passionate women launch a revolution...
When a bachelor party and a bachelorette party ...
A half-striped zebra is blamed for the drought ...
In the Iranian ghost-town Bad City, a place tha...
Filmmaker Ricardo Trogi recalls the events surr...
In 1987 Ricardo is 17 years old. This summer, R...
Not so long ago, Ronny Tersago and his gang whe...
2004 television special starring stand-up comed...
Outspoken and raw, not mincing matters, Bill Hi...
Ellen shares her humorous observations on daily...
The gang goes on a trip to check on Velma's you...
A peculiar neighbor offers hope to a recent wid...
A thriller set in New York City during the wint...
A woman with a tragic past decides to start her...
A couple learns the dangers of a walk on the wi...
A desperate band of Militia men attempts a dayl...
Jack the Ripper was a 1988 two-part television ...
In a small town, a serial killer mutilates the ...
Thousands of years ago, the great Child King Tu...
A story of the romances of two couples upon the...
Abbie came of age in honky tonks, defying her l...
Scott (Jon Foster) is a filmmaker in need of in...
A comedian tries to make it as a serious actor ...
Fresh, unflinching and devastatingly honest, Bi...
A short film about the origin and making of the...
A film fantasy of dancing music and dancing col...
An animated short film with an improvised jazz ...
            A Norman McLaren Animation Short Film.
Perhaps the only film whose content is totally ...
An animation film, made without the use of a ca...
 An ordinary looking chair refuses to be sat upon.
When out-on-bail mob boss Bellavance discovers ...
A surreal blackbird made of lines is dancing to...
An animated film drawn entirely in pastels. Var...
This film, shot in pixilation (a kind of stop-m...
New Yorkers watch as Norman McLaren's animated ...
Horizontal lines move to different rhythms over...
A man sets a ping-pong ball into motion and it ...
Begone Dull Care shines with his masterful use ...
The film's soundtrack is an original musical co...
Natalie resorts to picking up the pieces of her...
Brenda moved to London to begin living those in...
A "romantic comedy" based loosely on the suicid...
Four friends become stranded in Eastern Europe ...
Ten people arrive at a secluded mountain resort...
Crime - A down-on-his-luck apartment house mana...
Oscar nominated "Making of" documentary about P...
The story of the awakening of the painter, Marg...
                                               NaN
In a woods filled with magic and fairy tale cha...
                                               NaN
A top undercover cop finds and arrests a series...
A gang of thieves are robbing luxury apartments...
                                               NaN
Squadra antitruffa is a 1977 Italian crime film...
Undercover cop Nico Giraldi travels to New York...
                                               NaN
                                               NaN
A black-out occurs during the meeting of a gang...
                                               NaN
                                               NaN
The officer Nico Giraldi investigates a homicid...
George and Lucia are newlyweds and have also be...
L'omicidio di un camionista avvenuto su di un'a...
L.A.P.D. Captain Parker finally is going on Hol...
Rome, Italy, early 1980s. A guy who worked at t...
Updating of the old "Aladdin" Arabian Nights ta...
Funny, entertaining comedy with a few storyline...
A famous horror writer, Ben Ravencroft invites ...
Follows the story of a group of high school tee...
A ruthless philantrophist. A bhangra rapper. An...
In this fifth part, Norman McLaren deals not wi...
In this short film by Norman McLaren, dancers e...
Mr. Nomura is an eerily handsome, sharply dress...
This film was reconstructed and completed in 19...
Experimental, cinematic symphony of Granada, Jo...
Momo is a shy and affectionate girl who has fou...
In this three-part miniseries, a young woman's ...
Dave Skylark and his producer Aaron Rapoport ru...
Comedy based on the plight of modern Native Ame...
The story of a super-secret spy organization th...
Melody, high powered corporate workaholic for a...
Traveling salesman Tony Roozen and his newest g...
Ellen Wheeler, a rich widow, is recovering from...
Taking the stage in Washington, D.C., funnyman ...
When the magic powers of The Tablet of Ahkmenra...
The story of the courtship of Joseph and Mary, ...
Teenagers did not exist before the 20th century...
BEYOND integrates the latest in computer animat...
Short documentary featuring sculptures of Alons...
Lunch Break features 42 workers as they take th...
Homicide detective Sean Nault, a cop on a paral...
A cop and his team of comrades go undercover in...
Comedian Katt Williams (aka Money Mike) showcas...
The Newlyn School of artists flourished at the ...
Katie (Lucy Hale) and Sara (Phoebe Strole) have...
Killer Krishnas, Bondage Beauties, Stupid Stude...
Five students on spring break meet at a seclude...
Set to the music of popular hit songs from the ...
Meeting a movie team on location near his house...
Two limo drivers hope to make money by escortin...
Sassy manicurist Eve Fallon is recruited as an ...
Through interviews with former World War II fig...
                                               NaN
Food Stamped is an informative and humorous doc...
Otto Wall is just a little unlucky in life, and...
Frank Castle is staying in a bad neighborhood, ...
                                               NaN
Teenager Rick Stevens is willing to do whatever...
Madea dispenses her unique form of holiday spir...
It's the end of the school year. The long-await...
A young woman's highly ordered and structured l...
After young Clara receives a wooden nutcracker ...
                                               NaN
Reckless desire wreaks havoc over Memorial Day ...
Four backpackers decide to take a hike in the m...
A college ladies man accepts a challenge from h...
Egyptologist, Dean Lambert (Lloyd), accused of ...
To stop Pinkie's mother Dottie from marrying a ...
"21-87 is a 1963 Canadian abstract film created...
Cast into a violent and bloody world of murder,...
The unhappily married woman struggles to break ...
The day she turns 40, Marguerite Flora, a succe...
Yonkers Joe tells the story of a dice hustler w...
On assignment while photographing a female suic...
A tough guy named Tommy Gunn, with "kaos" tatto...
An ambitious TV newscaster has an affair with t...
The Lost Prince is an acclaimed British televis...
Un flingueur abruti, un deal mal negocie, pas m...
Shirley has important news for her family, but ...
A video compilation of a few Looney Tunes episo...
12 Dates of Christmas is a romantic comedy that...
The story of the most fabled political family i...
                                               NaN
A popular high school girl is harassed by a del...
A woman whose dog was taken by her landlord fol...
Incited by a disillusioned young man who has de...
Terrorists attempt to disrupt the Atlanta Olymp...
Prepare for Six of the Best as the Carry On tea...
With a flu epidemic running rife, three new bum...
The teenager Christina, her younger brother Bob...
The film tells the story of Freek Groenevelt an...
Rebel without a cause or a clue at an elite but...
Nan Masters, a single mother living with her fo...
Two outer-space aliens visit Earth with the int...
After resolving a situation of exorcism, the ha...
Cosette is cursed. Demons Ghouls and Ghosts fro...
A group of US Navy weathermen taking measuremen...
Maxine (Cary Lowell) is a waitress with big dre...
Encore is a 1951 anthology film composed of ada...
    An ex-con becomes a daredevil photojournalist.
A nurse recovering in a hospital from a nervous...
Recently widowed Persian King Ahasuerus wants t...
When Redwood Federal Penitentiary closes, there...
Two nice guys, a wrestler (Bud Spencer) and an ...
Following the death of his identical twin broth...
.From the shifting faultlines of Hollywood fant...
Although free spirit Helen Bauer does not belie...
A group of stick-up kids rob a mafia run strip ...
Fifteen-year-old Emma Evans is like any other t...
An Everglades community struggles to put their ...
Killer in red cape and hood is killing off tour...
A local handyman saves a child in a fire, but t...
Divorced couple Charlie and Lisa Hunter once a ...
A young singer-songwriter from the Bronx fall i...
This live taping of Nick Offerman's hilarious o...
An Australian urban legend comes screaming on t...
The father of a Finnish family brings home a cu...
John Gregory, who is a seventh son of a seventh...
A pretty, young girl from a coal-mining town co...
A screen adaptation of the novel of the same na...
A pregnant young woman wants to settle down wit...
The real-life story of Gisella Perl, a Jewish H...
In Bucharest, Allison is protecting the mysteri...
A portrait of the day-to-day operations of the ...
Like every day, Marcelo gathers her children on...
                                               NaN
On a family trip in the African desert, a resea...
An enigmatic phone call from a psychic catapult...
On the eve of the annual Scarecrow Festival, tw...
A universal story about the freedom of the huma...
After accidentally knocking her best friend off...
Six misfit schoolgirls at an all-girl Catholic ...
After a divorce, Sophia moves to the south of I...
It's Alice's birthday and her sorority girlfrie...
An aspiring teen detective stumbles into her fi...
In the 1940s, a young couple moves into a remot...
In Barrow, Alaska, teenagers Qalli and Aivaaq f...
The Case of the Scorpion's Tail begins with the...
A resort executive is sent to a newly purchased...
Jack Cameron is a single dad that decides not t...
A hybrid creature - half piranha and half anaco...
It’s been a few years, and there’s still not a ...
This film has the typical air of Italian action...
Multi-award-winning writer Jimmy McGovern's bra...
Dedee is a prostitute, working in Monsieur Rene...
25 year-old Hippo doesn't have a job, doesn't s...
It would have satisfied even the most voracious...
Beatrice Lillie and Jack Pickford star in this ...
"Fanny" is the second part of the "Marseille tr...
A young man brings his pet lion with him when h...
Pips wants to see more of the outside world. Ba...
A non-aquatic change of pace: Esther Williams d...
A minister dispenses justice on three convicts ...
An evil corporation tries to pressure a bunch o...
A look at the extraordinary world of Penthouse ...
Waking up in a nearly empty room, Bill has stra...
All the members of the De Roover family have en...
A cat who turns into a young woman helps a jour...
A girl loses her parents and husband and is lef...
The rough and tough bounty hunter suddenly beco...
Legendary director Sergio Martino takes the hel...
With or without help from law enforcement offic...
Luca Altieri is a gambler. He likes cards and h...
A small yet strange series of deaths of people ...
Police detective Paolo Germi and the mysterious...
Maurizio Merli stars as a hatchet-wielding boun...
A girl and her brother fly to New Guinea to loo...
Aquatic creatures threaten the existence of a m...
SABATO (first episode): A company receives the ...
A tourist resort in Africa finds itself at the ...
A stories of three really unlucky characters ar...
Joan Barnard (Elvire Audray, AMAZONIA: THE KATH...
                                               NaN
                                               NaN
A story about a cyborg who is programmed to kil...
It is 1942 and the conflict between the U.S. an...
A "sequel" to Island of the Fishmen (L'isola de...
                                               NaN
This is based on a true story. Solomon Northrop...
Three West Point 1861 generation cadets and fri...
Sharpe is sent on a mission to exchange rifles ...
When Sharpe is ordered to whip the King of Spai...
Sharpe is tasked to protect the most important ...
Sharpe is a Captain saddled with the South Esse...
Franklin and his pals are excited about returni...
In the early days of the industrial revolution,...
Everyone hates Ward’s wife and wants her dead, ...
A wandering swordsman named Lu Fang (Jimmy Wang...
Seagal stars as mob kingpin Mr. Alexander, an o...
Uma loses her husband at a very young age and f...
Boyd Mitchler and his family must spend Christm...
Beautiful, wild, funny, and lost, Katie Kampenf...
The story involves a white supremist plot to ta...
A young boy sees his father killed by a toy tha...
Pitch, the mean-spirited devil, is trying to ru...
Bruno's girlfriend, who lives in another town, ...
Everyone dreams of fame. From the nail-biting f...
A young woman from a Catholic school and a youn...
Tai gets out of jail and discovers that his twi...
First a Girl is a 1935 British comedy film dire...
A Greek History Professor &amp; his daughter tr...
When Miss Vicki's father dies, she becomes the ...
Los Angeles, 1958: a detective holes up in a do...
A father and daughter journey from Denmark to a...
A stubbornly traditional eighty-year-old farmer...
25-year-old Iiris and Karoliina have been best ...
A Finnish dramedy about an 11-year-old boy deal...
The life of a spanish couple gets complicated w...
Pop singer Kari and his girl dump a tightly wra...
Mikko Virtanen feels like a Swedish soul trappe...
A popular high school girl finds out that a boy...
Before the body-threatening antics of Jackass c...
A game of football turns deadly as an uninvited...
One hot summer day a little girl gets lost in a...
Ever since her parents left her as a baby, litt...
A writer accepts a bet that he cannot spend the...
This experimental satire is a comedy of ideas a...
Based on an ancient Scottish folk song, an olde...
UFOs: weapons of mass deception... For over 60 ...
Hot off the success of "Cars" and "Planes", a r...
A gritty, international tale of four separate s...
A haunted doll teaches one little girl why chil...
Professor Fergusson plans to make aviation hist...
A convict hiding in Chinatown assumes the ident...
On a remote U.S. Army facility a group of scien...
A Musical-romance with Dick Powell as a private...
Artist/writer/director/producer Siegfried follo...
Dex, a superdog sleuth, is the law of the land ...
Set on Blackpool’s Golden Mile, Jim (Douglass M...
Forbidden bears traces of several earlier film ...
A schizophrenic romantic tracks down her colleg...
The film follows Will Fletcher, a musician, and...
A cavalry troop finds itself under constant att...
Two brothers flee America and join the Canadian...
Former gunfighter Ned Britt (Randolph Scott) se...
The saga of legendary African warrior Shaka Zul...
Reenactments of actual USO experiences of its f...
In this sequel to Four Daughters, Adam Lemp and...
Mike Lambert, seeking a mining job, instead bec...
The story of a lusty, fighting young adventurer...
At the end of the Civil War, Frank and Jesse Ja...
Mega-promoter Colin Beverly plans to sabotage t...
Political commentator, author and filmmaker Din...
Drawing from ancient knowledge and cutting edge...
A teenager finds her perfect life upended when ...
This endearingly crazy 1971 Brazilian film defi...
On the eve of his bachelor party, a man learns ...
A fantastical tale based on true events, about ...
Dolma is the Tibetan name of Tara, a Buddhist f...
Because of her past, 17-year-old Rio lives her ...
An overstressed American businessman and a Fren...
Fourteen-year-old Lila is experiencing an ennui...
A group of middle-class friends, driving around...
Oh Mal-Soon (Nah Moon-hee) is a 74-year-old wid...
The world famous violinist Holger Brandt comes ...
Broadway star Margaret Garrett has spent her wh...
Georgekutty lives a happy life with his wife an...
Juha Berg is a 30-year-old hopeless drunk in th...
An 11-year-old boy's amazing ability to break w...
Fred Williamson chop-sockeys his way through th...
A small island community is overrun with creepi...
One night, a shooting star appears, whizzing th...
A story of a Moscow's apartment building that i...
Four high school friends plan to ride out their...
FrackNation is a feature documentary that aims ...
Biopic of Louis Cyr, strongest man in the world...
When a dutiful, albeit barren Christian housewi...
When a chance encounter brings together the cyn...
Gopher City Kansas hosts a beauty contest. The ...
A single mom in the 1970s raises her two daught...
When a peace treaty between America and Syria i...
Friday Foster, an ex-model magazine photographe...
Two souls are so deeply in love with one anothe...
A haunting ghost story spanning two worlds, two...
Reporter Curt Devlin loves sob sister Ellen Gar...
In the not too distant future, a new deadly spo...
A businesslike syndicate runs all the gambling ...
A black police officer discovers a cell of whit...
In an isolated country house close to the shore...
A New York accountant (Ron Silver) sets out to ...
Garfield is back with a new look. Tired with hi...
Garfield emerges victorious at the end of every...
Superstar comedian/actor George Lopez, one of t...
Comedy superstar George Lopez performs live in ...
One of the premier comedic talents in the enter...
In 1883, the Apache Indians lead by Geronimo re...
Get Out of My Room, was a mockumentary in the s...
A young music student faces expulsion after her...
"Ghost Son" takes place in South Africa. A marr...
Two roommates deathly afraid of ghosts both fal...
Michele is thirteen year old, shy, unpopular at...
After an evening of drinking, six men find them...
Every child comes into the world full of promis...
When Rex finds himself left behind in the bathr...
The witch from Pixar's Brave uses magical illus...
During a post-Christmas play date, the gang fin...
 When your memory lies, how do you find the truth?
During the last forty years, the photographer S...
In this sequel, Scott Wylde, an American kickbo...
Vincent P. Falk is Fashion Man. Clad in brightl...
                                               NaN
Academy Award winner Charlton Heston plays John...
   World War II farce about the hotel of the title
The hero discovers his estranged wife dead and ...
Three London gentlemen take a vacation rowing d...
In Mexico, a financier on the run poses as a ma...
Luke Billings (Lionel Jeffries) and his family ...
A kidnapped mobster (Vittorio De Sica) persuade...
A successful, ego-maniacal architect who has sp...
Beautiful Noriko Miki works at a cosmetic compa...
After running away from her abusive mother, a s...
A Chicago mobster hires a rock and roll singer ...
Moyher's good boy Benny Silman from Brooklyn be...
A group of six ex-high school cheerleaders are ...
Carmen is a good student with a bad attitude wh...
The film tells the story of Sylvia (Marion Davi...
When the representative of the Paris Internatio...
Gathered one summer in a beautiful shoreline to...
A modest country doctor in the antebellum South...
A young boy lets the animals out of their cages...
Replete with long-form stories of family life, ...
Feature-length documentary on renegade filmmake...
Documentary film takes a look at some of the wo...
Savannah is the true story of Ward Allen, a rom...
A caper comedy about two friends, Simo and Lass...
The Fool is a movie about a simple plumber. An ...
"The Disappeared" relives the horrors of Argent...
Eleven year old Masha Kulabokhova is about to b...
On September 11, 2001, Cantor Fitzgerald became...
A prospector, a trapper and their sled dog batt...
Ex-government operative Bryan Mills finds his l...
A man is released from prison to help American ...
After Davey's father is killed in a hold-up, sh...
After their service in the Civil War, four brot...
In 1920s Turkey, a young peasant is smitten wit...
A Harvard man (Nelson Eddy) fights a railroad b...
Documentary on the civil rights activist, Viola...
Cindy is an American FBI agent who is currently...
A police detective (Lee J. Cobb) baits killer g...
The body of a young woman is found in a Stockho...
A mother and her daughter confront the intimida...
A five-person team of gold prospectors in the Y...
An overweight girl, Maggie Baker, is elected Ho...
Trudy Walker hated her life. She thought it was...
Director Michael Anderson's glossy 1960 drama, ...
Headfirst is a black comedy about a single moth...
Baby Girl, 30, a poet with a bachelor's degree ...
The story concerns the difficulties and reactio...
Two strangers, Jerzy and Marta, accidentally en...
A man jumps off a moving train and goes to a sm...
Stuck in the suburbs of Helsinki, 20-year-old M...
In the aging orphanage the days pass very uneve...
Locked up for a minor crime, 19 year old JR qui...
Documentary showing the poor state that America...
A silent documentary which follows a branch of ...
The plot concerns the discovery of a lost city ...
Nightclub entertainer Jean Clery discovers too ...
Clara becomes a secretary who must cater to all...
This short film is a metaphor for the Vietnam W...
A writer named Algernon (but called Harry by hi...
The year is 2029. John Connor, leader of the re...
The heat is at record highs, the air conditione...
A pair of young ladies cause trouble at the cin...
HBO presents one of the most gifted and revered...
Comedian John Mulaney recently released his deb...
Handsome dentist Herve Dandieu, temporarily sep...
Patton Oswalt brings his deeply insightful, cre...
The critically-acclaimed comedian, actor, write...
This DVD is a recording of the show Patton Oswa...
SATURDAY NIGHT LIVE alum and WEEDS star Kevin N...
Standup comedian, television star and author Ke...
Documentary film about the anti-war movement in...
ONE BRIGHT SHINING MOMENT retraces George McGov...
40 years after the first haunting at Eel Marsh ...
Sir Charles Baskerville dies on the moor under ...
A man is involved in a fatal car accident, and ...
Faced with the absurd competitiveness surroundi...
Would-be superhero, Ed Gruberman, who possesses...
Fight For Your Right Revisited, stars actors li...
LA cops Gould and Blake get in over their heads...
Comes A Bright Day is a romantic thriller set d...
Frankenstein is a 2004 U.S. television miniseri...
The continuing saga of the Hazards and the Main...
A reclusive photojournalist lives quietly in a ...
Johan works in tandem with the GSI organized cr...
John Falk is on a routine mission with the Goth...
Three teen-aged girlfriends navigate multiple l...
In this follow-up to his stop-motion hit Wester...
The story about the dog of Eden. What happened ...
Intergalactic vampire hunters. "Buffy" meets "S...
Two boys clean pools in the summer, and critici...
Mike (Jean-Paul Belmondo) is a stuntman who wor...
A man is trying to catch some sort of bug runni...
A biography of the great French director made f...
"Tropico" is a musical short film by Lana Del R...
Working men and women leave the Lumière factory...
Author Stephen King discusses the various types...
A look at thrillers from all sides, including d...
Three Italian have to move from their current c...
Sergio Benvenuti is a shy seller of contracts f...
La madre-manager di una giovanissima modella am...
                                               NaN
Carlo Verdone at his best is incredibly support...
Carlo is a responsible sibling who deals with h...
                                               NaN
                                               NaN
                                               NaN
                                               NaN
Le vicessitudini di tre coppie di novelli sposi...
                                               NaN
                                               NaN
A tale about a talent agent with a talentless c...
Gilberto, 50enne, si fa coinvolgere in una cosi...
                                               NaN
When a man fires a hotel maid for stealing, the...
                                No overview found.
A priest, after spending years in humanitary mi...
                                               NaN
Ji-wook is a cold-blooded detective who would b...
A doctor and his family receive an unexpected d...
                                               NaN
Join the fun and laugh along with the "misadven...
Estranged from his family, Jonathan (Hedlund) d...
An actor named Kosuke plays the role of Iemon i...
                                               NaN
Korengal picks up where Restrepo left off; the ...
The Driver is drafted by the UN to rescue a wou...
The Driver is carrying an Asian child who has b...
While escorting an elderly man to an undisclose...
The Driver drives a wounded diplomat, who carri...
The Driver drag-races the Devil, in order to ea...
The Driver is hired by the FBI to help defuse a...
                                               NaN
Trained in the skills of sea power, Pi the fish...
“Majo” Tonorio, a.k.a. Filly Brown, is a raw, y...
Amr is a 35 year old man who wakes up one day t...
                                No overview found.
B-Dawg, Mudbud, Budderball, and all the rest of...
Things couldn't be going better for Harry and G...
Hoping to leave behind the trauma of her mother...
Francois always despised the textile barons who...
Six months before his retirement from the crimi...
The story takes place in the racecourses around...
A cold-war spy parody. After the death of an ar...
During World War II, French Commandos join forc...
Early 18th century. Cartographer Jonathan Green...
Until Lucas appeared in their lives, Dani, Carl...
A woman finds out she's pregnant and returns ho...
A documentary film about the British rock band ...
Salvador Santos (Javier Gutiérrez), obeso, casi...
Every nation gets the heroes it deserves. A man...
Follow the man behind the magic as he finds fam...
The night before Jack (Gil Bellows) is slated t...
A woman flees to avoid rumors of promiscuity, b...
Irene Wagner (Bergman), the wife of the promine...
Hedda Gabler has just come back from her honeym...
During a press conference, international star N...
Angèle is a 1934 French drama film directed, pr...
In the 30s, a small village in the Provence is ...
A rural maiden's two suitors go off to war, lea...
Albert Topaze, sincere schoolteacher addicted t...
Marcel Pagnol's adaptation of his own novel Man...
A beautiful chorine marries a handsome rich soc...
A Chinese-American woman tries to expose illega...
An actress gets involved with a criminal gang a...
Robert L. Scott has dreamed his whole life of b...
A man suspected of murder charms a secretary in...
A war veteran suffering from amnesia, returns t...
After cancer claims Matt Kell's life on Christm...
When the twins feel like their mom is tired of ...
Being one of 101 takes its toll on Patch, who d...
Une si jolie petite plage (English titles: Such...
Tells the story of Justin Bieber, the kid from ...
It is freshman year at Coolidge College and Van...
Aliens pretending to be friendly come to Earth ...
Another spoof of the Scream/I Know What You Did...
One of the most classic and revered stories of ...
The world is falling into chaos. As he roams a ...
Two friends, one northern and one southern, str...
After surviving the electric chair, convicted s...
After suffering humiliation by the crew Invinci...
The film is set in the fictional Utah community...
It's a movie about Hungover guys that get lost ...
Harbans Rai and Ranjit Rai are two wealthy busi...
Abby Russell, a beautiful, dedicated nurse with...
A small West Virginia town is hosting the legen...
Twins Suzy and Jessica visit granny Natty's dud...
13-year-old Brian is the sole survivor of an un...
Infected through the respiratory system, there ...
Biographical documentary of the war photographe...
A young girl of about 10 years lives in a solit...
After working eight years as a chef, Ramon (Lui...
In the twilight of the Ming Dynasty, the Imperi...
Captures the laughter, energy and mayhem from H...
Tad is a celebrity archeologist and adventurer ...
A small group of human resistance fighters figh...
A training exercise for the LAPD SWAT Team goes...
When two researchers discover a colossal shark'...
Amber dreams of escaping her small town existen...
A woman who studies butterflies and moths tests...
From Oscar and Emmy award winning filmmakers, R...
A Finnish-Norwegian love story with an unexpect...
In Manhattan, the aspirant writer Jabez Stone i...
An American in Indonesia teams up with a Muslim...
From the guys that brought you Napoleon Dynamit...
The story follows what happens when a child psy...
Sara joins Julliard in New York to fulfill her ...
After the mysterious death of his Aunt, a confi...
The school teacher Amy has been proposed by her...
Teenage sisters Charli and Lola are on the verg...
A group of teachers must defend themselves from...
A group of single moms are brought together in ...
Nothing Left to Fear was inspired by the legend...
Three sisters and a group of their friends take...
When Eun-soo gets lost in a country road, he me...
Nine friends seclude themselves in an old, isol...
Spies, cops and armed children cross paths on a...
In the desert area of Hat Creek, cows are found...
When fluffy, bubble gum movie star Megan Valent...
       A drama set in the world of weapon dealing.
One year after running away from home, Nicole a...
Several pillars of society have robbed an Army ...
The Cleary brothers, Sam (John Cena), Leo (Etha...
Unprecedented access to Muhammad Ali's personal...
Supermensch documents the astounding career of ...
Foxy Lady Cocoa is out to take down her mobster...
For 19-year-old Jay, fall should be about schoo...
Young Jenny heads to the South of England to st...
A former soldier is taken captive and awakens i...
When the Sultan's first born is taken by an evi...
A love story about the legendary sexploitation ...
Times are hard in 1846 London and one must make...
A former high-school football star loses his sh...
Angel, a young intelligent and kind, aims to be...
The evil Djinn is back at again, this time wrea...
American businessman Jack Woods rents a cottage...
Brian is a 16 year-old who can't play basketbal...
A masked maniac terrorizes the same small commu...
Gerónimo is a 45 year old man devastated by a t...
Akilan and Vimalan are the conjoined twins of g...
American tattoo artist Jake Sawyer wanders the ...
When Emily Woodrow and her friends happen on a ...
A demented handyman comes to the rescue of a yo...
Pro wrestling legend Steve Austin stars as a ma...
A sheriff and his son who are tracking down a g...
When Derek (AnDrew Seeley) moves to a new town ...
Jon Porter returns to his hometown after the su...
Dr. Caine, the murdering dentist from the origi...
Charlie and Rachel run away from home to get ma...
A group of friends awake one morning to find al...
Young Cedric (Ceddie) Errol and his widowed mot...
A group of experienced archeologists are search...
A presumed-dead man's current wife and former w...
A suburban couple decide to spice up their live...
Based on Graham Greene's novel about a flawed b...
'The Girl from Nagasaki' is a 3D feature film p...
A story of a priest, who considers himself as a...
Ralph and Annabell Willart are a feuding couple...
                                No overview found.
An independent tragicomedy, Run If You Can is t...
The story is set "slightly in the future" and r...
A neurotic inventor creates a time machine and ...
A woman discovers the man she has lived with fo...
About a man who’s angry at his wife because she...
Amamiya Shu transfers to Moriwaki elementary fi...
A space-ship gets lost and is forced to make an...
JUNG Jin-soo, a South Korean intelligence agent...
In the early 1980s, South Korea is torn by stud...
When he's forced to kill his best friend, a Chi...
                                               NaN
Three Parisian women discover that their lives ...
Dot and her Dolphin friends are playing along t...
Fu Manchu inoculates ten women with poison, to ...
50 Cent stars as gifted college running back De...
After a mysterious malfunction sends their smal...
Speedee Taxis is a great success, which means i...
Professors Vrooshka and Crump decide to visit a...
Captain Crowther's lot is not a happy one! Five...
Biography of Argentinian revolutionary Ernesto ...
Teenage lovers Tony (Richard Panebianco) and Ty...
Two disillusioned New York policemen plan a $10...
When practicing for a role, actor Jack is mista...
A small independent news crew investigates a se...
Chronicles the romantic enchantment of a 90 yea...
Mickey, Minnie, Horace Horsecollar, and Clarabe...
Six would-be thieves enter a prestigious dance ...
It’s always been a dream of mine to do a show a...
One of America's fastest-rising comedians, Bill...
Muggs (Leo Gorcey) is tricked into entering a C...
A look at the professional, political and perso...
Paul Watkins (Michael Paré) is an American pilo...
A giant beanstalk brings Jack to a land in the ...
A doctor (Mel Ferrer), his wife (Beatrice Pears...
The story of Priscilla's life with rock and rol...
A priest and his wife adopt a brother and siste...
Billy Jackson is not having a good Christmas. H...
Bookish and unpopular Mandy finds her luck fina...
A man and his wife both have criminal pasts, bu...
A vengeful widow is out to seduce the relatives...
For three college guys, it’s senior year and th...
John Carradine stars as Dr. Charles Randolph, a...
In the poor, desolate northern provinces of the...
Rex is an old man who is bitter about never bec...
Harry Berg is both a con artist and an actual a...
A retired safe cracker is recruited by a young ...
In a dark and decadent area of São Paulo, the e...
Sting is Doctor Frankenstein in this remake of ...
The unspeakable evil of the soul-devouring djin...
Will is an 2012 British sports drama directed b...
Lizzie Borden Took An Ax chronicles the scandal...
Handsome but backward gardener Tim Melville has...
Twin sisters Emma and Sam come up with a scheme...
Ex-Navy Seal Bobby Kalinowski lives a quiet, pe...
A wacky free-for-all comedy about the riotous r...
A group of old friends gets together for a week...
In this strange western version of JAWS, Wild B...
When an accidental death verdict is given on di...
A reality TV director copes with a spoiled cele...
A womanizing reporter for a sleazy tabloid maga...
In the darkly phantasmagorical world of the car...
Sleepy New Haven California is a small town wit...
Heli Valkonen is desperately in love with her h...
After inadvertently unleashing an ancient curse...
When ambitious young real estate agent Leigh is...
In 1951 New York poet Elizabeth Bishop travels ...
A teen drama set during the fall potato harvest...
                                No overview found.
                                               NaN
David, a recently fired scrapyard worker and Ma...
                                               NaN
The Fighting Eagle returns again, sans Thong, t...
A revolution in Iran halts a heroin shipment, b...
A spaceship investigates an out-of-control plan...
A strange signal arrives on the Earth disturbin...
Adrian is a classic outsider. His playful, drea...
Courageous Alaskan canine White Fang and Daniel...
A send-up of the bawdy life of Romantic compose...
Three men with supernatural powers interfere in...
A tribe of vicious female warriors terrorizes t...
Tells the story of a husband who wants to kill ...
                                               NaN
A herpetologist investigating a series of fatal...
The tensions experienced by three different peo...
What if ... you let a stranger into your house ...
Carmen and Alfredo live a happy, quiet life in ...
Three women whose paths never cross, yet are bo...
A fake documentary following around a man who c...
When the leading lady of a motion picture is mu...
A young woman is on trial for murder. In flashb...
Steve Austin is Dan Barnes, a former heavyweigh...
The first part of this short is a "Metrophony" ...
Bosko keeps Wilbur occupied with tales of his p...
Albuquerque-born boxer Johnny Tapia's life was ...
The long awaited sequel to R. Kelly's "Trapped ...
A lawyer takes the case of a Navy clerk who sue...
Nick Carraway, a young Midwesterner now living ...
Eddie Barnes, tired of being a nobody and livin...
"Merlusse" is French schoolboy slang for codfis...
Eight Rwandan children leave their families beh...
Inspired by O. Henry's short story about a youn...
In March of 1701, Asano, a young provincial lor...
A man - trapped in a cistern - reflects on the ...
Wang Yu plays a vagabond who earn a living on p...
A famous aviator (William Gargan) helps an amat...
In 1865, Captain Mark Smith of the Confederate ...
Katt Williams performs in an all-new stand-up s...
This pioneering film in the history of African-...
Naive, but brash and sultry teenage runaway Bon...
This light-hearted musical romance follows the ...
The Swedenhielms is an old aristocratic family....
"What's Wrong with People?" asks Sebastian Mani...
Two amiable samurai wind up on opposite sides o...
All-out war between the United States and an As...
'Newcastle' is a coming-of-age/family drama/sur...
When well-off aircraft designer Denning finds h...
The life of a weak-willed man is thrust into a ...
An ex-chorus girl (Ginger Rogers) lives on the ...
This documentary, first shown on the Turner Cla...
After Satoru Watarai graduated from elementary ...
Filmed over the ensuing years after the attack ...
In the early 1980s, in small-town Texas, dramat...
With school out for the summer, the Littles are...
Anxious to explore the mysterious hidden world ...
When teacher Randall Thomasson is killed during...
A radio talk show host unravels a conspiracy ab...
Melissa and Yul, Americans honeymooning in Chin...
The Snow Queen is a powerful story of friendshi...
A tough undercover cop inadvertently gets invol...
Delia marries Jim, not Joe After Delia breaks h...
A female cop is gunned down and wrongly accused...
The FBI trails a young couple suspected of stea...
A jailed cop befriends a mob chieftain and stag...
Ken Dakota's search for the murderer of his bro...
Five suspects holding a piece of the truth behi...
Sampat Pal Devi, founder of India’s Gulabi (“Pi...
Locked up and isolated, constantly exposed and ...
Sang Penari is a love story that takes place in...
A witch, disgruntled by the fact that no one ta...
In the 1970s and 80s, hundreds of thousands of ...
In post-WWII Hong Kong, unhappily married Carol...
After the superstardom and early death of Bruce...
The almost mythic career of Yankee slugger Mick...
After spending over half his life in prison, ex...
A U.S. narcotics lead by agent Charles Sturgis ...
              Adaptation of Eugene O'Neill's play.
A 17th-century French pirate (Sterling Hayden) ...
Ray Lawler's hit play inspired this poignant dr...
On September 12, 2004, just two-and-a-half days...
The story of Quinn and Graham, two engineering ...
A young italian prostitute falls in love with a...
Bill wants to join the Army, but he's 4F so he ...
Raymond Dabney returns home after serving a jai...
Two sailors who are always competing against ea...
An American spinster who takes a job teaching M...
It will surprise few to discover that star of s...
The lines between love, sex, and politics becom...
An Englishman (Richard Arlen) fights in the Sud...
A police detective (Dennis O'Keefe) and his pho...
Fearing her husband could become a killer, a wo...
Julio, aged nineteen, has just left the provinc...
A neglected wife gets mixed up with an hypnotic...
Depression Era story set in London has departme...
A bored society woman invites scandal and heart...
A group of beatniks unwittingly harbor a serial...
An ex-con sets up a program to straighten out h...
A young woman living in Manhattan pretends to b...
"Made In Romania" is the story of a producer wh...
Treasury Department officials recruit a florist...
A security leak is found at a Southern Californ...
Tom and Brenda have the perfect life but when B...
A night watchman at a garage is found murdered,...
Jean-Paul Belmondo is a lovable lothario who de...
Stranded behind enemy lines when the Japanese a...
Jungle Jim does battle with a would-be diamond ...
The shadow of war follows a troubled Iraq War v...
A sheltered young princess is sent to live with...
A ruthless woman takes advantage of gullible me...
Judge Moffett is as crooked as they come and th...
Based on the fifteenth best-selling children's ...
Bad guys trying to steal the mineral rights awa...
A young woman tries to scandalize her snotty fa...
Jungle Jim helps an attractive research writer ...
Charismatic, charming and complex, Sergio Vieir...
A young woman has difficulty understanding why ...
Somewhere Tonight is an urban fable that tells ...
A follow-up to the 2008 documentary "Roman Pola...
Sherlock Holmes and Dr. Watson are called in to...
A young woman with a troubled past takes a job ...
15 year-old soccer prodigy, Sara Davis, has a c...
A group of archaeologists asks Tarzan to help t...
After miners disappear in the Namib Desert, som...
Dylan Sprouse, Jim Belushi and Kris Kristoffers...
Trust Me follows flailing Hollywood agent Howar...
Cassie, a 13 year old Gothic girl, is trying to...
Two ghosts who were mistakenly branded as trait...
1942, Nanjing (Nanking). Following a series of ...
In a futuristic world, Michelle lives everyday ...
Muriel is a shy woman who bluffs and blusters a...
Early '30s musical about two sisters in love wi...
Jahwad is thirty years old and going nowhere fa...
A taped version of the stage play about a hideo...
A young lawyer's primrose path to success gets ...
When 18-year-old Sam begins a no-strings-attach...
A private detective foils the plans of villains...
A decent but troubled young man is sent to a ps...
Under the rule of King David, Israel is united ...
Sibling rivalry turned into betrayal between tw...
Michael Caine stars as Baxter Thwaites, the lai...
An air-traffic controller quits after a plane c...
A black comedy set in 1979, about a soldier mis...
Ronald Perkins builds an army of 14 people brai...
Based on true events that happened in Banning,C...
Alice and her friends are approaching the end o...
As the Second World War breaks out, German frei...
Stranded after a car accident, a medical school...
Fresh off the heels of appearing in movies like...
A biological experiment goes bad, this time rel...
Harry and Valerie Spalding arrive in the remote...
Forester, a ruthless oil baron, wants to create...
                                               NaN
Scooby and the gang experience outdoor fun as t...
An epic love story: Olanna and Kainene are glam...
Yogi Bear and his pal Boo Boo are shipped off t...
Attempting to cure her mentally handicapped son...
A young newlywed couple from America returns to...
Industrialist Jean is living a jet set life in ...
The gay couple Tobi and Ernie are being visited...
                                               NaN
When a well-known crime boss is murdered by a s...
"Miriam Hopkins plays Louise Starr, who gets di...
A gangster is put in prison, but finds salvatio...
In this 80-minute documentary, three 10-year-ol...
Members of a well-to-do small community become ...
Jack and Julie live in a bare flat in Paris. At...
A man's plans for a romantic weekend go awry wh...
A marshal nicknamed "The Hangman" because of hi...
In Israel's Central Prison, the security office...
A businessman mingles with German laborers to l...
In order to learn the location of a fabled Azte...
Andy Hardy and his sister find romance during a...
A fortyish cancer-stricken, emaciated Frank Cro...
Caustic comedian and best-selling author Jim No...
A penniless former princess weds an equally cas...
Intern Kildare (Lew Ayres) heals a millionaire'...
All the passengers on an airplane headed for Sa...
A private detective is hired to find a missing ...
McGrath publishes books for children and Uncle ...
Dramatization of President John F. Kennedy's wa...
In the Biblical story from Genesis, God floods ...
A major police operation to take down a notorio...
Julia is babysitting two young kids while a doc...
An animated, magical, musical version of Dicken...
A father on vacation wakes up separated from hi...
  A mad genius tries to bomb the world into peace.
Larry Guthrie, who loses his first love to the ...
A wealthy man falls for a widow but is locked i...
Rob Haley (Dougray Scott), an up-and-coming che...
Joe Lightcloud persuades his Congressman to giv...
While on his travel across the Southwestern Uni...
Called the most accurate adaptation of Anne Fra...
Life is about to change for Brett Bumpers, Mart...
In the future, as a result of devastating wars,...
The trial, under The Obscene Publications Act, ...
Orphaned by smallpox, young Lancashire country ...
In 1860 Scotland Yard's 'Prince of Sleuths' Jac...
When a handful of settlers survive an Apache at...
A former NCAA champion wrestler is paroled afte...
In 1985 a summer vacation in Ocean City, Md., c...
Using fossilized DNA, a scientist resurrects on...
Mrs. Bennet is determined to find husbands for ...
On a arctic circle radio shack, an ancient evil...
Kid Galahad is a 1962 musical film starring Elv...
The Captains is a feature length documentary fi...
Johnny Walker is a cowboy and a boxer. He is ve...
The great sorcerer Merlin has returned to Camel...
A Marine patrol stops at Firebase Gloria at the...
An amnesiac youth tries to piece together his p...
In a remote desert oasis, a fortune in gold was...
Littlefoot and his pals set off in search of a ...
A wealthy society doctor decides to research th...
A couple hatches a highly dubious scheme to put...
One night at a secluded farmhouse deep in the N...
Taped live before a sold-out audience at the Wa...
By his dying father's last wish Joe is sent to ...
Rollins' gang wants to grab land by inciting th...
A heart-warming comedy about the friendship bet...
A scientist discovers the bodies of three froze...
An ex-vaudeville actor is working as the assist...
With help from her best friends (Rumer Willis, ...
After twenty years of marriage, art professor N...
Part of a "special" late-nite television progra...
Waldemar Nods, a young man from Suriname, meets...
An American muay-thai fighter in Thailand must ...
A group of friends escaping the city for a week...
Beloved dinosaurs Littlefoot, Cera, Spike, Petr...
When a bored-with-life English teacher meets a ...
A man goes back to his hometown that is now ove...
In the mid-19th century, Senator William J. Tad...
In this thriller, psychiatrist Dr. Cross (Vince...
A lucky couple hits the jackpot when they purch...
Thorne Sleepyhead: follows DI Tom Thornes inves...
Growing up in the Mission district of San Franc...
A soldier returns home from the Iraq war only t...
Transposing Akira Kurosawa's classic "Rashomon"...
When a teenaged girl moves to England, with her...
An 8-year-old boy and his dog are left to face ...
John Bishop discovers a plot to rob a silver mi...
A small-town newspaper editor risks everything ...
Documentary of a 1950s rock and roll revival sh...
A tribe of Navajo live on a reservation oversee...
A documentary that chronicles the life of South...
21st Century detective Jake Cardigan is arreste...
On a secluded base in Arizona, veteran World Wa...
Mr. Dean's body is found face down in the firep...
Spattered with blood and controversy, Sam Pecki...
Angela Chiaromonte (Lillian Gish) is the daught...
Coquettish socialite Kay Elliott has set her ca...
Jake Wade breaks Cling Hollister out of jail to...
The women of a remote Latin American town are f...
Two nine-year-old girls—rude Luise Palfy and re...
When the dinosaur families get trapped in a val...
Glenn Manning, "The Amazing Colosasal Man," bel...
Jerry Lewis plays Norman Phiffer, a proud man i...
Colonel Steve Austin, astronaut and test pilot,...
20th century computer games designer Scott exch...
A bedtime story leads Littlefoot and his grandp...
Trouble strikes when an exhausted pop singer, s...
A group of scientists are possessed by a alien ...
A wealthy, fatherless British clan kidnaps bums...
Dr Tremayne is an enigmatic Psychiatrist runnin...
Due to be crowned King of the Netherworld by hi...
Jack Palance stars as a demented art dealer &am...
A former clergyman (Peter Cushing) in 1920s Eng...
When a window-washer falls to his death from th...
The village of Kilcoulins Leap was once a thriv...
A international science conference is held in A...
An Army officer returns to the Smoky Mountains ...
Laura is a 19-year-old university freshman who ...
Get ready for a battle of the ages when the Jus...
Rusty Nail is back on the road again looking to...
For the last thirteen years AJ (Triple H) has b...
When LAPD computer expert Peter Fowler investig...
The story of a 10th anniversary High School reu...
Flashbacks and flash-forwards illustrate the ri...
Hercules and Iolaus take time out from Iolaus' ...
A villainous carnival owner traps a young werew...
Set in the Haiti of "Papa Doc" Duvalier, The Co...
The Backlund family is going on a caravanning h...
Charlie Rankin, recently released from prison, ...
Hannah and Amber Baker are trapped in a dark So...
Three naïve guys, in their 20s, drive from Illi...
A by-the-book Captain is ordered to capture a s...
A frontier widower (William Holden) treats his ...
A scout leading a wagon train through hostile I...
Mr. Jack and Sweet Stephen cruise aimlessly thr...
The Martin kids learn of a magic spell that wil...
MVP 2 opens with the lovable Jack being ousted ...
Josh is off to his first year of college and bu...
Ray and Sal, two orphaned sisters, adopt and hi...
Amelia, a young genius and daughter of a top se...
Here’s the delightful tale of teamwork and adve...
In the tradition of disney's classic holiday ta...
Disney's irresistible talking puppies are back ...
Disney's irresistible talking puppies are back ...
An all-new Disney holiday classic is born - San...
When the five puppies stumble upon the Five Pow...
A mystery woman turns vengeful after a college ...
When D.E.A. agent Mike Ryan undertakes the huge...
A college student unexpectedly finds that she h...
While navigating with his girlfriend Alexis and...
The triumph and tragedy of Native Anerican Jim ...
Leon Alastray is an outlaw who has been given s...
It's Nerds vs. Frats (again) when the Nerds use...
                                               NaN
A teenage girls life gets turned upside down wh...
Zack, a young boy, finds two cocker spaniels ca...
Kaitlyn, an ER nurse who is tending to a young ...
During her traumatic childhood with an abusive ...
On the way home from an art gallery featuring h...
Mysterious emotional thriller about a woman who...
18-year-old Hannah Yoder is ready to become an ...
In 1898 the US government decided to intervene ...
The Devil's Brother or Bogus Bandits or Fra Dia...
The actual sword of Excalibur has been stolen i...
Drug lords take over the empire left by convict...
When his dancer partner, Mia, lands in the hosp...
A socialite (Merle Oberon) pretends to be poor ...
After four long years apart, there are so many ...
A young newlywed couple find themselves trapped...
The conflict between duty and conscience is exp...
Agustín forgets things; he is aging and he know...
A greedy businessman-turned-renegade foments an...
Filmed in England but set in New York, No Orchi...
A savage story of hate turned love and frenzy t...
A comedy about a man (Bill Pullman), who is on ...
Norman is a file clerk who accidentally becomes...
The classic Dickens tale of an orphan boy who e...
Three very different adolescent girls team up t...
A blacklisted reporter brings his shady ways to...
Six year old "Mike" joins her sister Barbara Ai...
Biopic chronicling the early life of gay nineti...
A prince in Java tries to seduce his visitor's ...
Joe Mulholland, Head of Production at a Hollywo...
Morgan Roberts, a middle aged adult in crisis, ...
Nancy Drew clears her Uncle Matt of murder char...
After being assigned as study partners, two Chi...
Professor Bower, an American physicist, is effe...
A maniac terrorizes a town during rainy nights....
Alec a courageous but impetuous knight returns ...
Friday night he's too tired. Saturday night too...
Loosely inspired from Gauguin's life, the story...
A government official, Count Muffat, falls unde...
Glenn Ford plays Jim Killian, a preacher who ar...
Nancy Drew and Ted Nickerson solve a murder and...
The Russian space station Avma is disintegratin...
A loner American computer hacker is brought to ...
Nancy Drew and Ted Nickerson solve a kidnapping...
At 34, struggling Seattle musician Sam finds hi...
Alcoholic newspaperman Steve Bramley boards the...
The Little Rascals are back in an all-new movie...
The beautiful Lauren gets married with an older...
About a mother who takes her children and flees...
Jim and Connie's postwar New York building trou...
New York Assistant District Attorney Howard Mal...
Based on Charles Dickens' novel, this adaptatio...
Two CIA bunglers (Donald Sutherland, Elliott Go...
The truth of the past come to light in a series...
The story involves a series of murders in Charr...
A tale about the relationship between a busines...
Wartime romance about a lonely man and woman wh...
Framed for murder and left for dead, a local le...
A fairy tale of the misadventures of a beautifu...
Heera Bhatti, an American-Sikh, runs a corner s...
The alien outlaw, Redeye, murders the town sher...
In WW2, a RAF squadron leader mourns the death ...
A painter and his wife move into a home and fin...
Maxx and his girlfriend Lisa are a pair of reco...
Based on the successful book series by R.L. Sti...
Local beach-goers find that their beach has bee...
An American car salesman in London becomes mixe...
In 2009, six friends arrive at an isolated cabi...
Episodic look at married life and in-law proble...
A group of assassins come together for a suicid...
Alex shoots again. She has to kill a man, but s...
Using footage left over from Nemesis 2 and a ve...
American and Japanese soldiers, stranded on a t...
Sinbad, the original Prince of Persia, must com...
A three times divorced real estate tycoon, who ...
If you act like an animal, you just may become ...
The adventures of Golden Retriever pup Napoleon...
In this delightful animated tale, Pardon-me Pet...
Love Birds is a hilarious charming romantic com...
Two women, aspiring documentary filmmakers, fin...
After a young boy is almost runover by a maniac...
Those who have interfered with the Tomb of Ra-A...
Ernest (Stick) Stickley just out of prison agre...
During one single day a number of life destinie...
Remake of the classic hitchcock movie. Whilst g...
A docudrama about the escape of Russian pilots ...
A female hustler is chasing after rich men, but...
A crazed Vietnam vet bomber hijacks a Boeing 70...
When her father dies, Epifania Parerga, an Ital...
Taking refuge in a shabby Brooklyn motel after ...
An idealistic rookie cop joins the LAPD to make...
The film tells the story of a prop from the 192...
A wealthy man married to a beautiful younger wo...
Doctor Baines has been conducting genetic exper...
Best known as the production designer on most o...
Under the border leading into Mexico, within a ...
Cary, Shep, Bill, and Francis are pilots during...
Comet longs to be taken seriously as a full-fle...
The film begins in 1917 with Stan (Stan Laurel)...
A woman and her daughter (Nicole Muñoz) encount...
A group of travelers from the United States rac...
Karen Cooper wants to domineer her family and b...
Air Force fliers Rick Williams and Mike Nolan a...
Eric Wainwright (Van Johnson), a busy impresari...
Nina Maria Azara is the beautiful and alluring ...
Some youngsters rape and kill their teacher; bu...
When a shipment of heroin disappears between It...
After returning to Catania after a long period ...
An air hostess gets involved in Naples, against...
After his son is kidnapped, a millionaire indus...
Tony, a mob loan collector, is dissatisfied wit...
Lia and Tina are two beautiful girls who meet a...
In Lethal Crisis, the world's most uncouth priv...
Crooked cop Torrente gets out of jail in the ye...
Sequel to "Three Steps Above Heaven". The sexy ...
An apocalyptic story set in the furthest reache...
A twisted new tale of terror begins for a teena...
Thirty years after defeating the Galactic Empir...
A falsely accused nobleman survives years of sl...
The peaceful realm of Azeroth stands on the bri...
When Tony Stark tries to jumpstart a dormant pe...
                        A sequel to Avatar (2009).
Thrust into an all-new paycheck, a down-on-his-...
Fueled by his restored faith in humanity and in...
Armed with the astonishing ability to shrink in...
Four young outsiders teleport to a dangerous un...
Deadpool tells the origin story of former Speci...
Thor is imprisoned on the other side of the uni...
The Guardians must fight to keep their newfound...
Following the events of Age of Ultron, the coll...
After his career is destroyed, a brilliant but ...
After the re-emergence of the world's first mut...
The usually absent father of a chubby kid shows...
Two brothers plan to steal the precious jewel o...
Aged, embittered widower, Fred learns to enjoy ...
A comedic romp that celebrates the power of fri...
Ghost is an idealogical musician who would rath...
Amir and Sara are a young couple on their way t...
Nathan Flomm, in order to avoid the humiliation...
During the Great Depression, identical twins ar...
A couple of murderous crooks try to smuggle the...
The Gamers: Hands of Fate follows Cass (Brian L...
Arnaud, facing an uncertain future and a dearth...
The story of a female German spy who willingly ...
As her fifth wedding anniversary approaches, a ...
Using ultra-advanced technology, scientists abo...
Hawkes, Jones and Cassidy are on their way to t...
Wonder Pictures' seedy publicity man Lanny Morg...
Oklahoma outlaw Belle Starr meets the Dalton ga...
Once a famous Ziegfeld star, Dodo Delwyn, is re...
Cassidy is a senior at a NYC college and he's t...
A psychiatrist (Richard Boone) treats a woman (...
A young Japanese boy climbs a mountain in searc...
During a party at movie director Danny's home, ...
Biker gang leader Kisum (Adam Roarke) loves wai...
London nightclub buddies Salt (Sammy Davis Jr.)...
Bernie Fishbine is overweight. He stops at the ...
A bleak mansion sits ominously on a cliff above...
                                               NaN
A dim-witted slumlord tries to reform a gang of...
A woman doctor decides to have a baby without b...
Ceci, a seven year old girl, has to keep a huge...
Mad scientist turns a man into an electrically-...
A down-on-his luck businessman organizes an exc...
There's something very odd about Romano (John L...
Two friends who own an investment firm turn to ...
Island girl Mimi (Esther Williams) plans to lea...
A compilation featuring comedic stars of the si...
The WWII pivotal battle of Stalingrad is shown ...
On 11 March 2011, an earthquake caused a tsunam...
Asko Mertanen is a waiter who is very intereste...
A self-absorbed Black American fashion model on...
The Ethiopian intellectual Anberber returns to ...
Stretching across the canvas of the Sino-Japane...
Small-town gossips rage over the arrival of a m...
A sportswriter (Dick Powell) forms a ring trian...
After charming her reclusive grandfather and fa...
Devoted teacher Anne Sullivan (Alison Elliott) ...
Master gunslinger Sabata arrives in Hobsonville...
A German U-Boat commander and 600 prisoners pla...
A young novelist tries to write about love, but...
Fairy tales collide when Mambo and Munk tip the...
Set in Mexico, Left For Dead is a bloody and si...
When Irene takes a position at a hotel deep in ...
Jane Hardy moves into the house left to her by ...
One day the Aislings find themselves magically ...
Gilbert Wooley is a second-rate magician who is...
Count de Chagnie has discovered Christine's sin...
A group of misfit teens evade a corrupt scienti...
The intertwining lives of three men reveal that...
Major Lex Kearney, dishonorably discharged from...
Colleen Moore as a flapper who unwittingly fall...
A grand and adventurous journey of discovery to...
The professional and emotional cross-currents b...
Eager young radio reporter Teräsvuori stages a ...
When Ethan's older brother Greg is found dead, ...
Karate action and laughs never cease when a bro...
Based on the life of Fr. Charles Clark, a minis...
[For 9 minute surviving fragment] Lucian, a sol...
Based on the novel Low Company. One of the most...
A group of American boys discovers a Russian sa...
Hercules comes to the aid of a young woman who ...
An anthropology student takes some of his class...
Two African American social scientists pose as ...
When an American oil company sets up an experim...
Viscerally experience a "year off" in Aspen, Co...
A group of volunteers find themselves fighting ...
Nolan Byrd (Devon Werkheiser) is a scrawny and ...
An ex-CIA agent is hired to protect the daughte...
Agent of special department "Piranha" Kirill Ma...
A survivor of the Great Siege of Rochester Cast...
A young woman tries to escape what seems to be ...
While trying to obtain "Tree Sweets", Littlefoo...
What happens when a 30-something woman allows l...
Dr. Alice Dodgson gets her medical license revo...
In this comic take on big-business wheelings an...
Jim Jefferies: I Swear to God: The easily offen...
A student's chances of getting into a good coll...
When Chance (Brian Presley) returns home after ...
Now old, ill, poor, and largely forgotten, Will...
British Captain Terence Stevenson (Robert Donat...
British agent working in Russia is forced to re...
The mother and the younger son in a happy famil...
Winning Streak is the astonishing story of a gr...
Edinburgh surgeon Dr. Robert Knox requires cada...
This early, influential propaganda film blends ...
British District Officer in Nigeria in the 1930...
A big-game hunter takes a rich American couple ...
The clock ticks as an innocent man (Charles Boy...
In the back country of South Africa, black mini...
US art dealer returns to his native Germany for...
Joe Harris, preparing a eulogy for popular radi...
The famous "Dreyfus Case" where a Jewish captai...
The third film version of 'State Fair' (and the...
College students and best friends Ginger Mathes...
This 1942 fictionalized biopic chronicles the t...
Two part TV adaptation of Louis L'Amour's third...
Two Army officers, an alcoholic ex-Confederate ...
When all the earth's fire begins to go out, Her...
A magazine's staff, including bickering ex-love...
Kit Madden is traveling to Hollywood, where her...
A harrowing look at the 60s and early 70s throu...
Based on the book "UFO Crash at Roswell" by Kev...
The adventures of a family who head west to the...
Taken spans five decades and four generations, ...
In July 1942, in the Second World War, the rear...
A sociopathic stranger all but destroys a small...
An eclectic group of characters set sail on Cap...
Dr. Roger Girard is a rich scientist conducting...
Scrooge, the ultimate Victorian miser, hasn't a...
A political strategist juggling three clients q...
Four assassins led by Baron, pose as Secret Ser...
An accountant sent to produce an evaluation of ...
The story concerns Kay Hilliard (played by June...
Young Emily Walton, who has suffered from psych...
A horse breeder's (Lionel Barrymore) granddaugh...
Travis and his team travel to China in search o...
Teenage Claire (Morgan Thompson) would rather h...
Hitler: The Last Ten Days takes us into the dep...
During the war for Texas independence, one man ...
French silent film pioneer Abel Gance directs t...
After serving in the trenches of World War I, J...
                                               NaN
A kickboxing champion is forced to fight cyborg...
Caracas, Venezuela. Just after her engagement w...
A priest battles a demon that kills sinners in ...
When Confederate soldier Matt Weaver returns to...
Armed only with their cameras, Peabody and Emmy...
An unpolished racketeer, whose racket is findin...
A hit man looks to protect the daughter of one ...
A biopic of French pop star Claude Francois, mo...
A reporter witnesses a brutal murder, and becom...
Karoly Makk's heartbreaking story of two unmarr...
Three people – a returned prisoner of war, his ...
The film revolves around a young Ahmed, who wor...
A con woman (Lucille Ball) and a detective (Llo...
Once the commanding officer of a cavalry patrol...
There is hunger in Siberia during the Russian C...
At the end of WW2, a compassionate Dutch police...
When TROY turned on crime boss DMITRI DEBARTOLL...
Terrorists led by an android take over a nuclea...
José Ferrer and Horst Buchholz star in this fic...
Somewhere in Europe by a great sea stands a sma...
A newspaper illustrator tries to remain best fr...
A retelling of the classic fairy tale of The Fr...
Love blossoms after a young man rescues a prett...
After two archaeologists discover an ancient al...
A professional thief is sprung from prison with...
A former government agent in France, who has fa...
A match made in stoner heaven turns into a love...
Fourteen year old Nim, more determined than eve...
Edward G. Robinson stars as a crime boss who go...
Small-town detective Noah Cordin is called to s...
A bachelor afraid of marriage angers his long-t...
A stewardess becomes romantically involved with...
Jared, Kate, Rick, and Jessica find themselves ...
Mutant radioactive bugs attack VJs, Carmen Elec...
A musical version of the classic story set in t...
During a shooting in court young prostitute Sca...
A man begins to have disturbing visions of dead...
Inspired by a true story, Girl Fight recounts t...
Joaquín Góñez, a novelist in his sixties recall...
A woman escapes a group of bullies seeking to r...
Farm boy Daryl Cage's parents ship him off to t...
An alcoholic former horse-trainer perceives in ...
Smitten with a Jewish woman, a gentile asks his...
Johan and Anna-Karin have been a couple for yea...
A young American woman traveling in Italy with ...
In 1942 Britain was clinging to the island of M...
As the Great Day of the Flyers nears, the Great...
Screen legend and Academy Award-winner Bette Da...
Ginger Rogers is troubled when she finds her si...
A former mercenary joins a military academy as ...
Time Is Illmatic is a feature length documentar...
Just days before Rhett (Chris Pine) is leaving ...
Following the complete sell out of his UK tour,...
Imagine if all mythical artifacts, from Jason's...
After his plane is downed in the South Pacific,...
Chorus girl Eadie is determined to marry a mill...
On leave in Italy, Lt. Tommy Knowlton falls in ...
A tough New York cop is determined to bring dow...
When Anders Bo begins his new job as a car sale...
Gwen's family is rich, but her parents ignore h...
Hercules has settled down with his wife and chi...
The all-girl school foil an attempt by train ro...
Concerned about his small stature, a young Scot...
In the Victorian period two British children ar...
Millions Like Us is a 1943 British propaganda f...
Hazen Kaine, an American contract killer living...
Small rocks fall from the sky which, when touch...
On the verge of a major arms deal, the two toug...
When villagers begin disappearing it is discove...
Join the Mars rovers Spirit and Opportunity for...
Jenny, a young American woman, moves to Paris a...
Share this *Alcoholocaust: (Meaning: The afterm...
D.I. Tom Thorne's latest case puts him on the h...
Clay Lomax, a bank robber, gets out of jail aft...
Driving to a weekend getaway, a car breakdown s...
A gangster's widow fights for love despite soci...
Ruby falls in love with small-time con man Eddi...
Eight people try to end their loneliness by sea...
When Suzanne Stein has a genetic analysis done ...
On a cold winter’s day Sergey Sobolev, a major ...
Mismatched travellers are stranded overnight at...
The men from U.N.C.L.E." are back! This time Ro...
"Spy in the Green Hat, The (1966)" on the other...
A Marine Corps drill instructor who is disguste...
Dennie has returned from a year among the hippi...
Based on Gail Sheehy's book, this film chronicl...
A dramatization of the Oct. 30, 1938 mass panic...
A neo-Nazi Doctor tries to make a superwoman of...
When Jewish songstress Fania Fénelon is plucked...
An attorney finds himself at the center of a su...
A wheelchair-bound, former boxer deals with his...
A 13-hour mini-series detailing James A. Michne...
Story of the meteoric rise and sudden fall of K...
Small town lawyer, Harmon Cobb, defends a Nazi ...
Hallmark Hall of Fame presents the story of a m...
An aging school teacher (Lansbury) at a Catholi...
Rose White (Sedgwick) is a modern young career ...
Jacob's farm is in trouble from a severe drough...
In the 1940's South, an African-American man is...
The latest assignment for respected yet goofy d...
The film recounts the sobering tale of how 19 i...
A true story of a young woman whose abusive chi...
When a hot young prosecutor learns that a man h...
Political satire has Shakespeare's Romeo &amp; ...
Paris plumber Elmer Tuttle is enlisted by socia...
Journalist Marion Hargrove enters the Army inte...
Dowdy housewife Kitty dotes on her self-centere...
Yutaka was fourteen years old when he was run o...
A private investigator endures the rigors of an...
This tale of intrigue finds Valentina Cortese i...
Smart. Outspoken. Opinionated. Three-time Emmy ...
A stifled, small-town man stuck in a dead end l...
An adulterous couple is accused of murder after...
Grainbelt University has one attraction for Dob...
Melvin Hoover, a budding photographer for Look ...
The film begins with the Munster family making ...
A young bookkeeper is framed for his boss's mur...
A young lady named Hilda  who works as a servan...
The dancing teacher Anastasia falls in love wit...
A college student returning home for Halloween ...
When Elena, a Russian immigrant studying in Mia...
Liliomfi is a 1954 Hungarian comedy film direct...
Flirtatious mermaid Miranda swaps places with a...
In the aftermath of Stonewall, a newly politici...
Back home in Texas following the Civil War, for...
A series of hideous murders is taking place, an...
After obtaining his medical degree from Madras ...
Ben Matthews gives up the flashy life of a rive...
Escaped outlaw Jose Gomez returns to his home t...
A gold mine in Arizona, that was formerly losin...
A young lawyer defends a drifter accused of mur...
A cattleman fights to establish a ranch in the ...
Comedy-mystery finds Detectives Kelly and Demps...
A group of young adults struggle to run the big...
A movie for the Sci Fi Channel based on the boo...
A family is trapped in a desert town by a cult ...
Harry Shelby has been kept in knee pants for ye...
Bickford Waner, an apparently naive young man f...
A hitchhiker (Ronald Reagan) and a jukebox-join...
Jean and Marise, two young lovers, are forced f...
A scrupulously honest lawyer discovers that the...
A U.S. newsman (Dane Clark) and a British entom...
With World War I, the Bolshevik Revolution, and...
When Philo Vance receives a note that harm will...
Set in post Second World War Britain, Noose is ...
A British architect's (David Farrar) daughter s...
The oft-filmed Maurice Renard novel Hands of Or...
A girl tries to become the top star in the glam...
When the Lotus Cat Food Company finds itself in...
                                No overview found.
An ultra-secret government weapons project is h...
One of Cannon Films' two 1976 Italian-Israeli c...
An opium-addicted choirmaster develops an obses...
Rachel is a 9-year-old girl who is perfection i...
"In the Gay Nineties New York had grown up into...
The Happy Elf is a 3D-animated family holiday s...
In a world filled with hatred, their only hope ...
On his twenty-first birthday, the Prince goes o...
Zou Zou tries to help her childhood friend prov...
In this erotic French romance two lovely women ...
When ultra-respectable General Dumont discovers...
Giuseppe Moscati, Doctor saint of Naples, was a...
Comedian Bonnie McFarlane dons her investigativ...
     The cavalry defend a small town from indians.
A study of the friendship between a Chinese wom...
The final feature by Hiroshi Teshigahara. A dir...
After having visions of a member of her support...
A scholar of mathematics would like to publish ...
A  thriller, released 1st November 1978, based ...
Mathematician Teresa just wanted to study durin...
When a mysterious groupie joins legendary curse...
A radio star's pure image leads to a fake engag...
                                               NaN
Number One with a Bullet is a 1987 American pol...
Andrea, a beautiful daughter of a railway gatem...
Lawyer Perry Mason is summoned to the Laxter ma...
Lord Loam has modern ideas about his household,...
The television crew of the "Scary Antics" hidde...
Young boxer Jim Hunt, resting at a New Mexico "...
Spike Fumo is an Italian kid apsiring to be a b...
Jeffrey Haywood wants to marry to Virginia Embr...
A professor gets mixed up with chorus girls in ...
A Cinderella story of a young country girl who ...
The film plays out, with three first-season epi...
From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia Thoroughb...
Gilliatt, a fisherman-turned-smuggler on the is...
Luke, is a grifter who owes a significant debt ...
A female doctor in the Congo is torn between tw...
                                No overview found.
West Point cadet Dick Thorpe falls in love with...
A mysterious Civil War veteran (Van Johnson) co...
A newspaper publisher and his Korean servant fi...
Wong Fei Hung (Gordon Liu) and his friend are c...
Alice in Wonderland (1966) is a BBC television ...
The first of the Amnesty International comedy b...
King Lear, old and tired, divides his kingdom a...
An American ninja's wife is held hostage by a s...
Dead bodies are being found in New York harbor....
Agnes, a lonely teenage girl, and her father be...
Bobby Hattaway (Lou Diamond Phillips), an honor...
A French police detective investigates his fian...
A cowboy (Don Murray) tries for easy money with...
Romantic comedy drama about three friends in Ne...
Carrie Watts begrudgingly lives with her busy, ...
Movie star Brooks Mason tries to avoid his fans...
It has been 25 years since the ore spaceship Si...
The true story of Helen Keller and Annie Sulliv...
Kay Kingsley, a sophisticated and successful so...
A society woman gets involved with a gangster o...
Messing with a mobster's girlfriend gets a lawy...
Two bad women fight over one man in a back-stab...
A lady con artist sets out to steal her parole ...
Etienne makes a good living out of marrying off...
After the war, Donald Elwood meets his former U...
Jeong Yoon is a caring wife and mother and a se...
Menno is a computer programmer at The Resort, a...
Blustery funnyman Lewis Black hits the stage fo...
A married bookstore owner is blackmailed after ...
A hard-working cupcake maker is inadvertently e...
Katt Williams ushers in Kattpacalypse, explodin...
Mikkel (15) lives a good life with his mother i...
VAMPIRE DOG is a feature length family film abo...
                                The beast is back.
Opera singer, Marie de Flor, seeks out fugitive...
London, 1888: on the night of the third Jack th...
A demented widow lures unsuspecting children in...
Having fled to Mexico from the U.S. many years ...
When an aspiring barber becomes inadvertently i...
The film starts with a story about how two monk...
Paper Soldiers follows an overeager burglar nam...
South Boston Irish bad boy Danny Quinn returns ...
A band finally gets the opportunity for that br...
Four sisters in New Zealand fall for four U.S. ...
A woman struggles with her son's illness and he...
Opportunistic con man Dan Kehoe ingratiates him...
Steven Kenet, suffering from a recurring brain ...
A semi-documentary dramatization of five weeks ...
Stanley Windrush has to interrupt his universit...
A government team researching cures for plague ...
A naive but caring prison chaplain, who happens...
The operators of 'Silver Haven', a cultish grou...
A detective investigates the murder of an actre...
Radio sleuth Wally 'The Fox' Benton travels to ...
Radio crime show host "The Fox" finds himself o...
A beautiful child (14-year-old Jane Powell in h...
A wealthy man hires a detective to investigate ...
Poor Red Jones gets fired from every job he tri...
The year is 2049. 200 years after the great Cal...
A down-on-his-luck film director sets fire to h...
A featureless land fit only for war, as the nar...
A British naval officer has a brief affair with...
Great Britain has had an international agreemen...
Following the wedding of young Jenny Piper and ...
The residents of a quiet English village begin ...
Two people attempt to get into a relationship, ...
Poking fun at his much-publicized brouhaha with...
The Civil War has ended, but not for Jonas, a r...
Pup, a bamboo shark, discovers egg sacs while p...
Slick, egotistical Johnny O'Clock (Powell) is a...
Opponents plot to bring down Robespierre during...
Biography of Jackie Robinson, the first black m...
Someone is attempting to steal radium stored in...
A group of American witness the deadly invasion...
A deranged man hides in the attic of a new hous...
Pop band Pink Dolls emerges to stardom after re...
At 12 years old, Kermit the Frog and best frien...
A master thief (James Coburn) and his drug-addi...
A gang of four eyed crooks led by Kurt Bishop (...
Lieutenant Fergie Howard, Ensign Beau Gilliam a...
Made by the same production set-up on the same ...
Nazis chase a U.S. newsman (Robert Mitchum) pai...
The Grissom Gang is a remake of the notorious 1...
A young ex-con trying to go straight gets caugh...
Jon Jon (Marques Houston) sees a ripe opportuni...
In the 1960s a young woman works at NASA as an ...
An independent trucker with a pregnant wife fig...
Based on the true events surrounding Frank Sina...
The ice-cold Snow Queen wishes to turn the worl...
A group of horror fans find themselves unwillin...
When a stunt man dies in Miami, his uncle, a Ne...
A maid (Joan Crawford) has romances with a two-...
The second half of R. Kelly's unfinished hip ho...
Richard Dacier owns a tour agency specialized o...
A navy pilot fakes his own death and steals a s...
After an incident which nearly cost Littlefoot'...
When the sun's increasing expulsions of plasma ...
The incredible but true story of how an imperso...
Against the backdrop of the Edo treasury devalu...
A group of animals look for a way off of an ecc...
Spies force former jewel thief Michael Lanyard ...
An assortment of diverse characters gather at t...
Romantic quadrangle involving two brothers- one...
Western remake of Jack London's The Sea Wolf (a...
A lawyer tries to exact justice on a woman he d...
A film about Peter Gatien, the owner of legenda...
Peter Kaban, a Hungarian refugee, is about to b...
A cold hearted American hit man goes to Europe ...
Seven students answer an advertisement to parti...
Shapely burlesque dancer Hot Garters Gertie aka...
It's 1939 in the small English town of Penny Gr...
Howard and Nicopernicus take a trip back to Nil...
Snowflake is special, he's the only white goril...
A female executive falls in love with her male ...
It's 1876 and all the Indians are at peace exce...
Remember the beach movies of the sixties? They'...
Prison inmates escape but-- after a difficult d...
Five lonesome cowboys get all hot and bothered ...
This film is a satire of the women's liberation...
A young hustler tries to get drug money by sell...
All-American couple who try to bridge the gener...
In order to prove his greatness to his unimpres...
A British Columbia teenager dreams of show busi...
From a bland tract house on the outskirts of Lo...
A plot to overthrow the United States governmen...
A rich man buys a husband (Van Johnson) for his...
Army sergeants Dave and "Fixit" spend a three-d...
Buenos Aires. It rains. Alma is in her car, stu...
Lucien Bourrache, a good looking non-commission...
When the owner of a stagecoach station is kille...
An acclaimed actor and his equally acclaimed ac...
In order to secure the position of Head of Pedi...
Contrary to popular belief, this film contains ...
Chief Sitting Bull of the Sioux tribe is forced...
'Iceberg Slim: Portrait of a Pimp', examines th...
Middle-aged dentist Biff Grimes reminisces abou...
Nick Cherney, in prison for embezzling from Tor...
A young archaeologist believes he is cursed by ...
Documentary about Santiago, a peculiar man who ...
The adventures of Oliver Tressilian, who goes f...
A saloon singer tries to reform a gangster, not...
Kyung-ju is a struggling novelist who writes vi...
In this drama that alludes to the Algerian War ...
Johnny Woo and Julie play an enduring couple wh...
When brothers Richard and Bryan and young nanny...
A guy looking to find employment and marry the ...
A documentary film about dancing on the screen,...
Once upon a time, in the kingdom of Fortunia, a...
A wealthy couple from the Pacific Palisades dis...
A spoiled young rich girl is forced by misfortu...
Encomium to Larry Hart (1895-1943), seen throug...
A group of teenagers in the desert become the p...
An elite group of vice cops are fired from the ...
The greatest adventure of jungle king Tarzan. F...
Aviator Marie Vallières de Beaumont (Cotillard)...
Rick is a Los Angeles County lifeguard who is i...
When the New York journalist Jake Bridges catch...
A week in the lives of a group of models, photo...
Esposito is a thief who cons tourists in Rome. ...
A frustrated big-band promoter runs in to rock-...
The early years of a television sports powerhou...
A man investigating his son's death learns some...
An executive in charge of a nuclear power plant...
Women are being tortured to death with various ...
Lizzie, a young woman with amnesia, slowly come...
In 2008 a cast and crew set out to shoot a pilo...
Tania, a young Russian woman who lives illegall...
Tongues begin to wag when a lonely widow become...
A young cop gets thrown in with a special polic...
One spring, Mole decides that he can ignore the...
A samurai from the Edo Period time travels to p...
The murder of the ex-wife of Doctor Sam Charney...
Lally is a rich girl whose Father who writes bo...
The wife and son of an unemployed, foul-tempere...
Mary Barrett is an aspiring Opera singer who is...
After a card game Southerner Owen Pentecost fin...
Two wealthy Victorian widows are courted tentat...
Bronson and Russell are up against some bad guy...
Ann Hui's darkly realistic Night and Fog starts...
Skilled martial arts director Lau Ka Leung offe...
Legendary daredevil Robbie "Evel" Knievel (Geor...
Young Tina lives with her mother and stepfather...
Elinor Bentley Fairchild's previous three groom...
                                               NaN
A two-part exposition inspired by Jean Rouch's ...
Adapted from Shakespeare's play: Baptista Minol...
In the tradition of THE WILD BUNCH and THE MAGN...
Follow-up to Andy Griffith's big hit in "No Tim...
Abandoned by her lover, a woman becomes the mai...
During a hunting party on New Year's Eve 1976, ...
After playing a pagan ritual on a dare, a group...
Each year, 60,000 people from around the globe ...
Leo is immediately set adrift by his new found ...
When novelist Paula Martin retreats to the secl...
A Colonial major (Cornel Wilde) turns traitor t...
An investigator for the District Attorney's off...
Set in a pre-colonial African past, Tilai is ab...
Using refugees as human shields, North Korean t...
A group of confedarate prisoners is sent to a u...
John Mason returns to the Sally Ann mine to cla...
Man about town and First Class cricketer A.J. R...
A very nervous man named Cartwright comes into ...
Home for Thanksgiving break after their first s...
A prison-camp convict learns that his younger b...
When ambitious analyst Lincoln Mathers (played ...
A scrappy slum kid with a gift for running meet...
A lady gas station attendant gets mixed up with...
In 1942, a cargo ship jammed with British evacu...
Based on the second book of Patricia Cornwell's...
A young woman and her drug addict boyfriend plo...
Just for Kicks is a 2005 documentary film about...
Norman works in a jewellers workshop and fantas...
Martians replace scientist &amp; his family to ...
Story about a vampire who falls in love with a ...
A young girl's murder leaves a hotel full of su...
Near the end of Japanese civil war, several dis...
1865, The American Civil War: Five POW manage t...
Inspired by the real-life story of a bus hijack...
After being dumped by her traveling salesman bo...
William McClure is the villlage doctor in a rem...
On a volcanic island near the kingdom of Hetvia...
An escaped con kidnaps the people he thinks put...
A doctor changes a woman's face to match the on...
Chronicles a day in the life of a grieving woma...
Young couple Samuel and Eva move to Madrid and ...
When WW1 comes to an end, three pilots find the...
A sensitive, educated black man's World War II-...
The life of Krister has become an unending nigh...
A pothead kid's show cartoonist in Los Angeles ...
The romantic story of Hungarian pianist Franz L...
Four outlaws come to New Jerusalem, a town full...
The passengers and crew aboard an airplane refl...
A partly fictionalized account of history begin...
Imagine an insatiable demon that feeds on blood...
“Ring of Fire” recounts June’s meteoric rise to...
Lydia MacMillan, a wealthy old woman who has ne...
A hustling public relations man promotes a seri...
When three Vegas buddies attempt the score of a...
Hip-hop artist Jay-Z organizes the "Budweiser M...
A artist living in a quiet Connecticut is the m...
A man's life is retold just after his funeral. ...
Victor Reynolds arrives at the notorious House ...
While on leave in New York, a serviceman both w...
A blind woman, her husband and another couple s...
The untold story of how Southern California dra...
Strange killings occur at Ruby's drive-in theat...
A stage hypnotist's (Jacques Bergerac) ugly hel...
Margaret Drew runs her trucking company single-...
M-G-M presents the heroic story of what happene...
As Moscow is set ablaze by the retreating Russi...
Set in the year 1912 on Cape Cod, a lighthouse ...
Lady Chaplin is a beautiful woman, she is a fas...
A scientist who has invented a weapon capable o...
Sam Clayton has a good heart and likes to help ...
Set in a world where love is deemed illegal and...
A 1968 animation/documentary that criticises th...
The colonisation of space began in 1986 and now...
A widowed reporter recruits the help of a feder...
Literature professor Jim Bennett leads a secret...
Documentary about the discovery of the largest ...
A group of diverse individuals are suddenly tak...
Fledgling screenwriters retreat to a quiet coun...
After the events of Justice League: War, Ocean ...
When they can no longer stomach the ever-growin...
Ville, 25, is a downbeat former child star who'...
Special prosecutor John Conroy hopes to combat ...
Set in 1869, after the Civil War, Texas had not...
Ursula, a young, sensuous French girl, arrives ...
Spying on her students, a teacher finds an exci...
Voiced by Elijah Wood, Jennifer Love Hewitt and...
Based on true events, five friends who fall pre...
Nelson puts his criminal ways behind him, havin...
A headstrong Congresswoman (Joan Crawford) reki...
Among the travelers of varied backgrounds that ...
After the Civil War ends, two soldiers return h...
Kenneth Grahame's literary classic about an enc...
Two young orphan siblings travel to Moscow in s...
The amazing story of Daniel, a dolphin who aban...
In Panama, Maggie King meets soldier Skid Johns...
In an attic full of discarded junk, a pretty do...
A Jewish woman, Dr. Michele Wolf, interred in a...
Set in the future, a group of terrorists with a...
A Tennessee-set drama focused on an individual'...
A boy breaks a window at his school and sets ou...
A schoolteacher and amateur sleuth suspects fou...
A small-town actress (Susan Strasberg) meets a ...
Heidi is an orphaned girl initially raised by h...
An ex-gunslinger (Stewart Granger) shunned by t...
A long time ago Tom loved Lovely. They were mar...
A university student finds himself wrapped up i...
In the end of 1809, Natasha attends her first b...
A pair of high school rappers have two major go...
Miracles is a 1986 comedy film about a newly di...
John Drury saves Duke, a wild horse accused of ...
Elizabeth is losing her sight, so while her lov...
Newspaperman Bill Bradford becomes a special ag...
A group of young girls are brought up in a coll...
A con-artist hires two low-lifes to cover him d...
The 1920's and 30's career of singer Helen Morg...
Impy's Island (German: Urmel aus dem Eis) is a ...
A prince, seeking the greatest treasure, stumbl...
During a remake of the play Tristan and Isolde,...
It is a significant day for 80 year old Antonio...
Based on Sir Walter Scott's The Talisman, this ...
Director George Sidney's 1957 film about the li...
Set in a California subdivision, the story foll...
To earn extra money, a prim schoolteacher takes...
Vincent Lubeck is a vicious ex-convict. His cri...
Dominic Quesada and Johnny Gray, two SCUBA dive...
The success of 1947's Badman's Territory prompt...
A U.S. soldier returning home from war struggle...
A boy who lives at a country club where his fat...
Splendor is the name of an old movie theater ma...
Phil and Ellen Gayley have been divorced for a ...
Danny has been in the army for 4 years, yet all...
Nurse Anne Lee blames herself for a fatal mista...
With his high school graduation behind him, And...
Mary and Larry are are a modestly successful sk...
During the summer of 1968 a teenage boy goes to...
Kenny Rogers stars as Brady Hawkes, as the titu...
A relationship gradually develops between a sav...
At the heart of this true story is Damien Olive...
Barely historical presentation of the life of J...
Leopold Kroner, formerly of Colby Enterprises, ...
Four guys working for a small grocer in trouble...
A daffy door-to-door saleswoman blunders into a...
General Fitzhugh, an ageing Lothario has an ove...
Abby Collins's quiet life as a wife and mother ...
In Africa early in World War II, a British rubb...
Force Majeure (French) (pronounced: fors mah-ZH...
Cats fighting each other over a tabby around th...
Like the previous film Luna produced by Klushan...
Taylor, a former juvenile delinquent, convinces...
The life of 20-year-old Nico from upper class Z...
Three vignettes of old Irish country life, base...
A professor (Don Ameche) and his wife (Rosalind...
An honest and naive schoolteacher gets a lesson...
A pregnant teen allows her mother to pass the b...
A cop (Waise Lee) is losing the control of his ...
In the woods, a 13-year-old boy is grabbed by a...
In 1945 a group of victorious American officers...
A cop investigates the shooting of another poli...
When a stagecoach guard tries to warn a town of...
Bob Holcomb will do anything to stop his daught...
A deported gangster trains an Italian convict t...
Three angels bestow the gift of song to a young...
In 1812, Napoleon's Army invades Russia. Kutuzo...
Brian, an out-of-work stockbroker, is introduce...
A group of women contracted a strange fever and...
                       The rematch of the century.
A young designer falls under a man's erotic spe...
On the surface, Kate and Jack, late 20's, are h...
Stirring romance, hard riding, desperate fighti...
John (Alan Ladd), a blacksmith and swordsmith, ...
A cult guru urges a shy disciple to make life a...
Subversive humor and childlike wonder based on ...
British diplomat Harrington Brande takes up his...
Scout Bozell has always dreamt of being on his ...
After accidentally killing her lecherous produc...
The Robinson family are spending two weeks of s...
In San Francisco's Chinatown, Charlie helps two...
Tom Sawyer (LOUIS HOFMANN) has a head full of p...
The film tells the story of jaunty young police...
Venus and Serena takes an honest and unfiltered...
Two young scientists are exploring new fields o...
I Died a Thousand Times is essentially a remake...
A fur-trapper named Kelly, who once saved the l...
An upstart outlaw baits a legendary gunslinger,...
A condemned murderer, in the process of being e...
After four years, Jake Cardigan is prematurely ...
A cardinal is arrested for treason against the ...
A young copywriter becomes the most famous man ...
The first film of a four-part adaptation of Leo...
East Germans abduct a U.S. coed (Linda Blair) a...
After a drug deal gone wrong, two New York City...
An American cowboy living in Mexico discovers h...
Communists blackmail a shipping executive into ...
Jury foreman Edward Weldon's questioning leads ...
Hanzo extracts a confession from a ghost using ...
1954 British crime thriller by Lewis Gilbert, b...
Koichi and Atsumi are lovers who have known eac...
A new family moves into the house next door to ...
The story, set in Kansas during the 1920's, cov...
The Next Voice You Hear... (1950) is a drama fi...
A Christmas Wish is a heartwarming holiday clas...
In 1870s Texas, a ruthless bounty hunter and an...
Gabriel is a man who on the surface has it all-...
The story of the Russian-born, Wisconsin-raised...
A man tries to find a son he gave up for adopti...
Burglar Nat Harbin (Dan Duryea) and his two ass...
A poor singer in a bar masquerades a rich socie...
The true story about a father struggling to mak...
In Fort Lamy, French Equitorial Africa, idealis...
A ronin desperately seeks a way out of financia...
In the 1970s, Richard Pryor dropped like a bomb...
Dick Powell is a stranger in town battling Raym...
A prince goes to University &amp; learns how to...
A supermodel gets murdered. While investigating...
John Cummings, an unsuccessful cosmetics salesm...
Swiss girl Adelheid 'Heidi' is orphaned young. ...
When the three pigs find a tiny wolf cub on the...
King Henry II tests the loyalty and honor of hi...
The film followed the adventures of DI Regan an...
Future "first couple" Ronald Reagan and Nancy D...
Filmmakers Luke Myer and Andrew Neel make it re...
Sir Philip Ashlow (Stewart Granger), his neglec...
Barry McKenzie sets off for England with his au...
A group of elite soldiers, including one woman,...
A lifelong bachelor confronts his intimacy issu...
A drama that chronicles the life of Winnie Mand...
The frustrated housewife Leslie visits an anima...
An average guy who works in a recycling plant w...
A guerilla leader falls in love with a mysterio...
A jaded, wealthy couple watch a blue movie in t...
Doctors at a rejuvenation clinic discover a for...
A teenage girl runs away from home because poli...
This offbeat dark comedy take place when four f...
In 3A.D., during the Eastern Jin Dynasty, paren...
Faced with the murder of three medicine men, Na...
An aspiring country/western singer, whose money...
                                               NaN
An expedition led by adventurer DARREN McCALL a...
A former guerrilla is reluctantly drawn into th...
It is 1985, and a small, tranquil Florida town ...
Bobby blows all his college savings on a van an...
A successful but stressed mathematics professor...
Forget about accountants who want to fly, profe...
After his cattle rancher boss dies, right-hand ...
Luciano works in birthday parties and writes hi...
Four friends from the rough side of town grow a...
A troubled teenage girl finds herself in a web ...
Capturing the sadistic serial killer "The Wolf"...
Small town waitress Eve Stuckley is stuck. She ...
A rancher (Charlton Heston), his shady bride (A...
The story centres around Jonathon Tibbs, the yo...
The divorce of Hugh and Miriam Halsworth become...
Gordon Patrick, a young CIA analyst is assigned...
A new woman comes between a widower and his adu...
A comical fresco on human misdemeanors and betr...
Caesar is having a hard time dividing his time ...
A week in the life of "The Gong Show" host and ...
Ranchers in New Mexico have to face Indians and...
Arriving at Medicine Bow, eastern schoolteacher...
Alexander Graham Bell falls in love with deaf g...
Hansel and Gretel tells the tale of two young c...
From his discovery by a priest while serving ti...
A pretty but virtuous small-town bank clerk is ...
Robin McAllister (Devon Sawa) and his family wi...
Seven men have a group session and share their ...
Soul Power is a 2008 documentary film about the...
An outwardly happy Australian couple journey to...
Marine bandmaster John Philip Sousa (Clifton We...
Shanté Smith has moved to Atlanta where she's t...
Seeking revenge and justice, Cole Brandt finds ...
An actor in a Wild West show must become a myth...
Johnny Scardino is working for blackmailers, ph...
The story about Swedish ambassador in Chile - H...
A young knight sets out to join King Richards c...
Chad Turner has been implanted with a the only ...
When Juliette (Lizzy Caplan) sets out to bring ...
A fisherman crosses paths with a diamond-smuggl...
Parrish McLean lives with his mother Ellen on S...
A defense attorney jeopardizes his career to sa...
In a mansion block in Knightsbridge, a gang of ...
The son of a retired astronaut competes to win ...
As Kenya's Mau Mau uprising tears the country a...
Niles and Carol Niles are married doctors who s...
The Snake Eaters are an elite division of the M...
Stage Struck (1925) is a silent comedy film sta...
Grandmother has nothing to say when Libby tells...
The ghost of a samurai's wife takes revenge on ...
A platonically wed American couple (Jerry Lewis...
In a desolate and treachorous region of space k...
After years of prospecting, Jonathan finally st...
Gumnaam is a 1965 Indian suspense thriller film...
At the end of the 1950s, in a more innocent Ame...
Anything can happen during a weekend at New Yor...
China Valdes joins the Cuban underground after ...
On the lazy banks of the Mississippi, a young g...
Poucet is a kid from a family of numerous child...
Sherlock Holmes comes to the aid of his friend ...
Five ambitious cousins set out on a family reun...
When a troupe of showgirls with their impresari...
Voodoo Moon takes place in the mid-west United ...
The two lovers are living together and are not ...
A true crime writer investigating a small town ...
The Pooles are unable to have a baby after year...
The concept is based on a true story concerning...
Ryan has been plagued with nightmares since the...
Betty Preisser, an attractive 24 year old divor...
Gunnery Sergeant Jim Moore is one of the toughe...
In order to get back into the good graces with ...
Sheriff Buford Pusser continues his one-man war...
Military investigator Colonel Edwards is assign...
New Years Eve, 2004- Kevin Healy(Santos) and Ti...
Get ready for a rough-and-tumble comedy that kn...
When an eccentric practical joker dies, he divi...
   Penniless strangers team up to fleece the rich.
Almost 18 is a charming and unaffected film abo...
When Jacob tells Jesus that his son, Lazarus, i...
3D printing is changing the world – from printi...
On Christmas Eve a group of ruthless masked ter...
Anina Yatay Salas is a ten-year-old whose name ...
A WWII pilot, bombardier, and radioman find the...
Professional baduk (go) player Tae-seok loses a...
A dishonored Union Army officer (James Coburn) ...
Soup kitchen operator and criminologist Bela Lu...
Roland Brissot bought for a nickel a talisman t...
1902....the Australian Federation is a year old...
Duffy is a cunning aristocrat of criminals who ...
A year ago, just before his break, Marc and Rac...
When Allied forces liberated the Nazi concentra...
Duncan MacDonald, a 19th-century Royal Canadian...
Young Claudia works in a supermarket where she ...
A film about the early life of the baseball sta...
This version of the Perils of Pauline (recogniz...
Hypnotist uses his powers for revenge against K...
Three stories of murder and the supernatural: A...
A short film was directed by Orson Welles, whic...
Two children go behind the scenes of a small ci...
An intense insider's portrait of New Orleans' s...
The sweet but naive denizens of a charming port...
A wealthy family will not allow the military to...
                                               NaN
A widow raises her sickly son to be strong enou...
A Japanese family weathers much hardship after ...
Now an old man, Masao returns to his childhood ...
When the youngest members of a family of farmer...
The year is 1932, and a woman, whose tenant-far...
A Tokyo family escaping the war relocates to a ...
The film revolves around a desperate man who co...
Wisconsin - birthplace of the Republican Party,...
A group of aging London gangsters go on a vigil...
60 year old widow and cystic fibrosis sufferer ...
While the rest of America slept, DIY filmmaker/...
The story of a father and two teenaged sons, an...
Chinese-language interpreter Gaia is called up ...
A metaphor for mourning as much as it is a remi...
Several Chinese residents play music. A dragon ...
A young American girl arrives on an island near...
The story of the rough collie hero, Sunnybank L...
Three earthlings (John Carradine, Robert Dix, V...
During an inquest, an ambitious judge finds out...
As a gang of youths terrorizes a city, the wear...
The daughter of jazz pianist Joe Albany witness...
A concert inspired by the Coen Brothers' film, ...
A detailed and compelling portrait of one of th...
The film tells the story of 11-year-old Dylan (...
          A salaryman is hijacked by bank robbers.
Sometimes it is simply the wrong place at the w...
Daikichi learns that his recently deceased gran...
Jamie, an 11-year-old boy, is fascinated by his...
On the Wirral in the grim early years of Margar...
Drugs, murders, robberies. In Turin, violence i...
Mike Sturges and his younger brother, Roy, are ...
Timo Stigu Mertala is a celebrated, award-winni...
Following two fatal aircraft accidents aboard a...
From a mind unlike any other, Biophilia Live ch...
Brandon DeWilde leads a cast lengthy in charact...
Story of Cam Calloway and his family, who live ...
A young cavalry officer finds his woman torture...
When she can't support her illegitimate child, ...
The story of a 13-year-old Jewish girl and her ...
During Mexican Revolution, Rosalio Mendoza (Del...
Pierre , a young lawyer, has enormous debts due...
A young man-about-Paris, cut off from his fathe...
David Barr is the manager and chief designer of...
This collection of five short films artfully po...
The film follows the adventures of a French ari...
In the 80's, Pocholo and Borjamari are kings in...
Tells the story of a man trying to get his fami...
The police are on the trail of the band of Card...
Will love compromise one man's devotion to heav...
The rebellious daughter of an army general gets...
After giving the District Attorney another stin...
Frank Patton is the promoter of the Lucky Legs ...
Pierre Gilieth has committed a murder in Paris....
In a remote village in occupied Europe, the SS ...
A husband makes fun of his wife's theatrical as...
A killer stalks a composer staying at a posh Tu...
Criminals pose as ghosts to scare a lighthouse ...
A fictionalized account of the real-life advent...
A high school senior is able to read people's m...
Henry and Fay's son Ned sets out to find and ki...
Every year in June, nearly 2,000 athletes out o...
                                               NaN
When a struggling publisher discovers his only ...
Art dealer, Charles Mortdecai, searches for a s...
When college senior Anastasia Steele steps in f...
Felix (Cameron Dallas) is a legendary prankster...
Buffalo Girls tells the story of two 8-year-old...
A paraplegic man leaves home for the first time...
Europe; the plague years. A wigmaker, locked in...
The story of a Kiwi who spends his whole life w...
Sam dreams of meeting Father Christmas, so when...
Tracks: Frosti, Overture, All Is Full of Love, ...
As winter gives way to spring in the Russian wi...
At an orphanage, the children are sad because t...
This short animation takes as its protagonist a...
One of the most fascinating and unique artists ...
She was the nymph who found refuge in the river...
                            A man dances on curbs.
A Coroner's assistant (who is also a law studen...
Prosecuting attorney Vincent Bugliosi and Manso...
Olive is reading ghost stories to the boys. Pop...
The story of the Peoples Temple cult led by Jim...
Linus and Lucy's younger brother Rerun wants a ...
Four male friends are reunited after not being ...
Charlie, working on a junkjard, always trying t...
Stephen Fry travels through each of America's s...
The earliest recognized film by Lars Trier (mad...
Tis the season for the cheer and charm of the P...
After locking herself out of her apartment, a y...
Garfield and his pup pal Odie go trick-or-treat...
As the holiday season rolls around and all the ...
On her 13th birthday, Marnie learns she's a wit...
The Cromwell clan live in the real world, excep...
Marnie Piper prepares to begin a new school yea...
Enigmatic, stop-motion, animated story of a man...
Santa arrives at a house on Christmas Eve to de...
While his lover is sleeping, a man assembles ar...
Donald's nephews come by for halloween and  pla...
A true story of the lives of a family from Sout...
The low budget film starring the young Bruce Ca...
Commemorates the centennial of American movies ...
On the eve of Halloween, 1938, CBS radio report...
The Zooks and the Yooks are at war over the but...
It's Halloween, and an elderly lady, Granny, is...
A traveler at an inn is harassed by a mischievo...
When the sour-sweet wind starts blowing again, ...
                                               NaN
Based on Sidney Sheldon's novel. A young assist...
Jennifer's life changes when Warner, now Vice P...
The rare original version of the classic underd...
Where do you find love? Sometimes all you need ...
It's Halloween for Fat Albert and the Junkyard ...
This animated twist on Halloween memories invol...
A cartoon detailing the unrequited love that th...
In June at the Nantucket Film Festival, Ben Sti...
Rubber Johnny is a six-minute experimental shor...
A series of hazy 8mm vignettes, accompanied by ...
The child Ernesto doesn't want to go to school ...
A boy grows a seed into a flower while the worl...
It is Halloween in the Hundred Acre Wood, and w...
Princess Betty sleeps in a narcoleptic stupor. ...
Betty Boop hosts a Hallowe'en party with a few ...
Toby the Pup organises a Halloween celebration....
Join Barbie in a colourful, modern-day fairytal...
Upset by rumors that Halloween may end, Dracula...
Coke Ennyday, the scientific detective, divides...
One-minute short film, used as a trailer for th...
Mr Olivares has already recovered, but now he n...
A hapless country doctor describes with breathl...
Pluto comes bounding outside to help Mickey get...
A magnet moves on a floor. A moth beats against...
The patriarch of a family of farming hill billi...
A blonde (Sammi Davis) seduces a quirky liquor-...
An alcohol/drug abuser re-examines his life unt...
Stop-motion animated short film in which, among...
"Tyll the Giant" was based on an Estonian folk ...
We Can Be Heroes is a mockumentary TV series cr...
Margaret Fish is planning a surprise party for ...
On Halloween, Bugs Bunny, masquerading as an wi...
A sexy maid equipped with a chainsaw is a famil...
An animated short based on Hans Christian Ander...
Mickey seeks shelter from a storm in a house th...
A guy and a girl play copycat with each other f...
Willy, a student, quits his vacationjob to go t...
Extraordinarily detailed and beautifully drawn ...
Inside the X-Files for a behind-the-scenes look...
From Richard Gale, mad maker of CRITICIZED, com...
"Norm Macdonald: Me Doing Standup” stand-up spe...
Fred is cast as Ebenezer Scrooge in a stage ada...
A little hedgehog, on the way to visit his frie...
A cat, being sent out for the night, begins to ...
Wilshire Pig and Sheldon Snail discover a map t...
An Oscar nominated Icelandic short film about a...
Girls dressed as American Indians visit a good ...
Nick Frost presents a special spoof edition of ...
With Wheezer's new baby brother getting all the...
          The comedy trio performs live in Boston.
                                               NaN
Greedy heirs wait in a mansion for a rich cat l...
Anna is a young costume designer, focused on he...
When their little cheat fails, Alain and Jean P...
The classic comic book characters created by Jo...
Comedy about a naive French country girl in Lon...
Clémence is pathologically jealous. Gabriel has...
An unexpected phone call from a certain Kirsch ...
As they prepare to test products for a multinat...
When Honey's uncle gets kidnapped by the evil c...
C'est une histoire d'amour banale présentée com...
Doomsday Prophecy is a 2011 sci-fi disaster tel...
A woman seduces a hotel janitor to gain access ...
In the middle of a war between two kingdoms que...
Human Touch is a 2004 film directed by Paul Cox...
Kelly strips – her best friend Jordan captures ...
                                               NaN
A Parisian teacher (Lino Ventura) loses his coo...
Lahore reflects the need and the desire to brin...
Set in the 17th-century, an Italian nobleman we...
Olívia, a fashion executive, and José, a photog...
Alex, Antoine, Jeff and Manu. Four friends, fou...
Simon, a burglar on probation, agreed to go on ...
                                               NaN
Sheherazade (Catherine Zeta-Jones) has been mar...
Government agent Daniel Leight has his radiatio...
                                               NaN
Day Off (French: Mercredi, folle journée !) is ...
All Wally Mellish, an ex-convict in 1960s Austr...
Ninette Sanchez, daughter of Spanish immigrants...
                                               NaN
The world goes backwards on Opposite Day. The k...
This comedy follows Sam, as her life is turned ...
Despite being engaged to a successful Iranian p...
Returning to his home town after the death of t...
A jumble of sexual skits such as The Big Salami...
The plot is about a trial against three men who...
Who says crime doesn't pay? The mob will pay Ji...
A young girl named Burma attends a beach party ...
A serial killer is on the loose. His victims ar...
Roma.During a clash between demonstrating labor...
Happily married couple Bob and Dez Wilson and t...
Seventh Heaven or De zevende zemel is a 1993 Du...
Those five are unemployed penniless workers. To...
Roaring across the danger zone of europe...A se...
A beautiful young drifter comes to a small vill...
Jeeves tries to keep his young master out of tr...
Homework (Mashgh-e Shab) is a documentary Abbas...
The young Dr. Kildare treats and falls for impo...
A brilliant young surgeon takes the blame for a...
Inspector Tellini investigates serial crimes wh...
Young lovers fall afoul of repressive society a...
In this lively musical, an eccentric philanthro...
Raoul McLish stops over in Miami Beach where he...
Kay Denham is off for a 'fling' in Paris, leavi...
After the death of her husband, Christine reali...
In a college, three friends form a secret socie...
Ginger Ted, AKA Edward Claude Wilson (Charles L...
A group of disparate travelers are caught are t...
An egotistical boxer romances a rich backer's d...
Darrin Danver is married to Deb. He is a videog...
This lively low-budget action movie is packed w...
Take a roller coaster ride full of high octane ...
In a world gone mad, the last human colony stru...
Delving deep into the mind of Yigal Amir, the r...
In this tough but compassionate coming-of-age d...
Set at the end of the Civil War, widowed mother...
The coming-of-age story of Cayden Richards. For...
A troubled youth vandalizes a church and winds ...
When five strangers with nothing in common come...
Big Sur is a film adaptation of the Jack Keroua...
Juanito moved to New York to succeed as an acto...
The film portrays Saint Peter reflecting on his...
There's nothing like a restful nap in a pleasan...
A police officer searching for his missing sist...
The end of a decade when the world was in crisi...
Slastan, a Karadjistan man, is willing to blow ...
Dive into our planet's greatest mysteries with ...
Few wartime prisoners have attempted escape qui...
We'll Never Have Paris is a clumsy and at once ...
Two brothers, both with troubled paths, find th...
                                               NaN
Sometimes, we're just waiting for a miracle. A ...
Kris Kelvin joins the space station orbiting th...
Ama Lur is a documentary, directed by Néstor Ba...
A 10-part mini-series from the creators of "Ban...
It is the future, the world is in ruins and a l...
A Russian engineer Petr Garin possesses a uniqu...
Soviet cinematographers created a progressively...
Combining over twelve years of footage and narr...
A love potion works its devious charms on fairi...
In Paris, the pharmacist Alice has been an obse...
A family takes a journey across the globe on a ...
A young American boy is trying to break into th...
Bianca's universe turns upside down when she le...
A year after witnessing a murder, residents of ...
Unable to serve in World War II because of a he...
Massive earthquakes open the Arabian tectonic p...
A Sicilian woman is dishonored by her lover, th...
A luxury hotel. Steaks frizzle, muffintops gett...
It’s the day the Earth exploded as trumpets blo...
As a mysterious high plains drifter travels acr...
One rainy day, Heathcliff babysits and recounts...
After she betrays a powerful mob boss, a woman ...
The misadventures of a teenager girl in her new...
A 2,000-year-old astrology board possesses dead...
The movie will cover the life of Camarón de la ...
As the police launch a full-scale crackdown on ...
The Mark of Cain documents the fading art form ...
Mladen (44) Belgrade born, is a timeshare sales...
Hoping to overthrow his brother as ruler of the...
Året är 1969. Artonårige Martin mönstrar på som...
Lucas is a scientist who works near the Europea...
An American Actress with a penchant for lying i...
A comedy film that looks into the loosely conne...
Geppetto the carpenter carves the object of his...
Kenny Starfighter is probably the most hopeless...
Ida lives hard and fast with too much drinking ...
The story of J whose goal is to be world master...
Three children accidentally get turned into fis...
Little Tsatsiki, son of a single mother in Swed...
College freshmen Debbie and Marcie are excited ...
The film is based on a series of immensely popu...
Torsten Södergren lives in a normal house with ...
                                               NaN
A feisty five-year-old girl Lotta decides to mo...
Lotta is a five old girl living in Sweden with ...
Children's book authors Jean and Laurent de Bru...
Svante is a young boy who lives with his family...
A theater company rehearses Aristophanes play "...
A gang of cattle thieves rescue a criminal from...
                                               NaN
Beautiful young model Jennifer Lansbury and her...
When four women move into an old house left by ...
In this evocative story told ingeniously with m...
Famous lover Casanova (Vicenç Altaió), now long...
A man and a woman, secretly in love, alone in a...
This is the portrait of two recently released p...
Lola Sepa's grandson has been killed by a cell ...
Sunhi (Jeong Yu-mi) from the Department of Film...
Experimental film following a bearded Scottish ...
A man at three disparate moments in his life: a...
Part memoir, part city symphony, part noir-ish ...
A director with two weeks left on his latest pr...
A reclusive sports hustler returns home to his ...
One early morning, at the beginning of a very h...
     Two ghosts walk along the Camino of Santiago.
A heist film unlike any you've ever seen. In hi...
A comedy centered on eight men in their 40s, al...
In 1930 Marseilles two small-time crooks join f...
The film tells different stories in a kind of p...
Franck Chaievski and Nina Delgado are two under...
1990. The rave scene has arrived from Ibiza and...
Plot of Fear tells the story of a decadent week...
A bank temporarily housed in a mobile home whil...
An experimental drama entirely composed by mono...
A 10 minute long journey of emotions that befal...
A country romance about the human streak in the...
Best friends Tod, a fox kit, and Copper, a houn...
A film about the monster of Lapland, Mr. Lordi,...
                                No overview found.
Pure fantasia, a race to save the world from a ...
A murder mystery that opens with the discovery ...
Dagmar Brink, a young female pianist, commits s...
Documentary about the National Film Registry, f...
A zesty paean of praise to the greater glories ...
Most classical sci-fi from K. Zeman. Four young...
Another short documentary of "Real Food, Roots ...
A film delivery man promises a beautiful young ...
Dr. Bonner plans to live forever through period...
Lengthy static shots of various backroads, smal...
A WW2 story of a young Austrian soldier running...
Paquita and her brother Venancio, both single a...
As tuition spirals upward and student debt pass...
The outrageous Baron Munchausen tells of his ma...
A scene from The Bells (1926) is optically repr...
In the summer of 1924 Claude Friese-Greene, a p...
The official record of Mallory and Irvine's 192...
During the 1990s, David Lee Hoffman searched th...
Life of a domestic cat, filmed from a cat’s-eye...
American resort developers bear down on the wil...
One of Chris Marker's earliest documentaries (1...
The small town of Babylon in Ukraine hears of t...
In the picture-postcard community of North Vanc...
Pure sound unaltered by human hands is becoming...
Where are we welcome? On a quiet street in Hels...
One of the world's greatest living painters, th...
There are places that we don’t want to know any...
The story of a young Gerd, played by Liv Ullman...
An engineer in charge of the production line of...
A meta-film about a film and the common man in ...
A group of pilgrims lie down on the thin ice of...
The Gardener is a 1912 Swedish silent drama fil...
Two smugglers meet two customs officers at sea,...
A 1917 Swedish drama film directed by Victor Sj...
Karin Daughter of Ingmar (Swedish: Karin Ingmar...
When two riders come to the monastery seeking s...
Director Andrea Kreuzhage documents the 1000 Jo...
When Edvarda arrives at the little Norwegian vi...
A portrait of a deserted fisherman's village in...
Every night, Soviet tractors comb the coast of ...
"Night Editor" was based on the already existin...
A war widow determined to clear the name of her...
Steve Morgan kills a man in a holdup and hitche...
Dr. Laurence, a once-respectable scientist, beg...
Dr. Henryk Savaard is a scientist working on ex...
Line Of Sight is a rare view into underground b...
Home video changed the world. The cultural and ...
A disturbing psychological thriller based on th...
A new French comedy starring Marilou Berry as t...
Navy Commander Hal Roberts is assigned to lead ...
Visions of a bleak, post-apocalyptic urban wast...
Playfully avant-garde and exhibiting an intrigu...
Raimonds, a 12 year old boy, falls into a world...
A story about the Latvian basketball team, whic...
A man who is socially inept and out of touch wi...
Fantômas is a man of many disguises. He uses ma...
In the second episode of the trilogy Fantômas k...
In the third and final episode of the trilogy, ...
Holmes and Watson on a transatlantic ocean line...
Radiopiratene er høstens store familieeventyr m...
Megacities is a documentary about the slums of ...
The film consists of three independent parts: "...
Although not the first feature-length animated ...
Koreyoshi Kurahara’s ingeniously plotted, pocke...
1970s Japan saw the rise of biker gangs, known ...
This captivating documentary is the product of ...
A collection of short films made by the Lumiere...
A drama centered on a young woman who takes a s...
For several decades, gifted and incredibly prol...
The evil mastermind Fu Manchu plots his latest ...
In his remote China hideaway the evil Fu Manchu...
The Power of Salad, also known as The Power of ...
Jack is pleased with himself for the first time...
The film dramatizes November 11, 1919- a crucia...
Adam’s first wife Lilith is mentioned in the an...
On the day of his college graduation, Preston P...
Two people play out a story of love and despera...
Dominik is an ordinary boy. He's got loads of f...
Portrayal of rebellious teenagers growing up un...
An awkward, unemployed man who can talk to the ...
A stranger armed with a shotgun takes seven pat...
A weapons expert who murdered his unfaithful st...
Three guys spend their time drinking beer, kill...
A group of teens discover secret plans of a tim...
This material was developed and prepared over t...
At Blandings Castle, the Earl of Emsworth only ...
Mark Gatiss's adaptation of HG Wells's science ...
In 1950s Ireland and New York, young Ellis Lace...
Tim and Lee are married with a young child. The...
Biblical archaeologist Don Verdean is hired by ...
The story of the five-day interview between Rol...
Yale University, 1961. Stanley Milgram designs ...
The controversial true story of a gay activist ...
Lila, a grief-stricken mother reeling from her ...
On his way out of the wilderness, Jesus struggl...
A sudden loss disrupts Carol’s orderly life, pr...
Seoul Searching is a comedy set in the ’80s abo...
Gerry is a talented but down-on-his-luck gamble...
Tracy, a lonely college freshman in New York, i...
Sam Ellis is a man on the rise — a hot-shot fed...
After spending two decades in England, Bill Bry...
A drama centered around the relationship betwee...
A sweeping multigenerational story set against ...
Can two serial cheaters get a second chance at ...
A chance meeting in a parking lot in 1979 betwe...
A look at the history of the American comedy pu...
The authorized documentary on late Guitar/lead ...
From the makers of The Invisible War comes a st...
Fresh Dressed chronicles the history of Hip-Hop...
Going Clear intimately profiles eight former me...
Compared to girls, research shows that boys in ...
Filmmaker Amy Berg sheds light on the sexual, f...
An intimate, mixed media documentary that follo...
‘In Football We Trust’ captures a snapshot in t...
The current educational system in the United St...
The film chronicles Nina Simone's journey from ...
Documentary filmmaker Mark Cousins follows in t...
An epistolary feature film: a cinematic discour...
Filmmaker Mark Cousins goes to Albania for five...
Documentarian Mark Cousins excerpts 53 films fr...
What is this film called Love? is a passionate,...
An innovative 'magic realist' documentary set i...
After his family is evicted from their home, pr...
The Story of Film: An Odyssey, written and dire...
As we follow a mother and her son, we delve int...
Paul, a teenager in the underground scene of ea...
Oppressed by her family setting, dead-end schoo...
In a near-future city where soaring opulence ov...
A street in Soviet Latvia is occupied by colorf...
In 2004, Hope Ann Greggory became an American h...
With his 20th reunion looming, Dan can’t shake ...
Minnie Goetze is a 15-year-old aspiring comic-b...
Malcolm is carefully surviving life in a tough ...
Laney is an attractive, intelligent suburban wi...
Greg is coasting through senior year of high sc...
Alex, Emily, and their son, RJ, are new to Los ...
Will Henry is a newly single graphic novelist b...
Two mismatched personal trainers' lives are upe...
This complex portrait of modern-day life on the...
This film is based on the actual events that to...
A young woman is returned home to her biologica...
An inner-city high school teacher discovers she...
In the wake of a nuclear war, a young woman sur...
Romantic comedy about an ambitious teaching stu...
Follows the lives of four longing souls. Ingebo...
Nordvest is a gangsterfilm set in the suburbs o...
Maria finds herself caught between two worlds. ...
How can a few crucial minutes in a football mat...
                                               NaN
An ambitious soccer referee ends up handling a ...
A dark comedy centering on the lives of a Neapo...
                                               NaN
Four separate-but-interconnected stories - one ...
3 August, Cagliari: a poor neighborhood. At thr...
Updated adaptation of Choderlos de Laclos' clas...
Baran, a war hero, becomes sheriff of the capit...
After his wife and daughter are raped and kille...
Gaby owns a farm on which he raises lambs: Bouc...
After hiring Micke, a carpenter from Stockholm,...
The investigation of a mysterious serial-killer...
Jesper is a soldier in the German army, who rep...
In Montauban in 1944, Julien Dandieu in a surge...
During an interview, Max Baumstein (Piccoli), r...
Pierre, a successful expert in building highway...
Edmond Dantes is falsely accused by those jealo...
Duke Philippe de Nevers is an influential and p...
Filmmaker Ulrich Seidl explores of the dark und...
PROJECT WILD THING is an ambitious, feature-len...
The story of Eddie, a small town ex con, who di...
An aspiring filmmaker learns that success in Ho...
For the first time since taking possession of t...
The Invitation, a 2003 movie starring Lance Hen...
A police detective investigates the apparent se...
In September 1938 a British detective comes to ...
A rivalry is brewing between the soldiers at an...
A group of struggling individuals cross paths a...
A thought-provoking drama about the power that ...
Richard Mayhew leads an ordinary life in London...
                                No overview found.
In a hellish future where human beings have bec...
In a dog-eat-dog world, Raimundo Nonato has fou...
Luke O'Brien, a washed-up salesman turned night...
An absurdist, surrealistic and shocking pitch-b...
The family consisting of two pandas and one gir...
In the Sahara desert, a sandstorm batters a des...
Over the course of a midsummer night in Fermana...
Five old friends decide to move in together as ...
The story is about Amber, a mean popular girl w...
A submarine crew, a feared pack of forest bandi...
In 1984, in Kiev, the communist teacher Andrej ...
A documentary crew follows an elite unit of sol...
A dashing young Italian in Poland finds himself...
For five men, the opportunity to share a pentho...
Ángela Vidal the young television reporter who ...
Julian Michaels has designed the ultimate resor...
One of the contemporary masters of Japanese fil...
In a racially mixed American town, a 5-year-old...
A trashy blonde lures a saloon owner away from ...
Palance plays twin brothers - one trying to hel...
Teen Alex Taylor and his older brother Jack liv...
Kenny Roger's leaves his good-guy image behind ...
After a lion kills the village leader, the expe...
With the Griffins stuck at home during a blacko...
On a bitterly cold December night, a paranormal...
The Hellcats are an all-female gang bent on buc...
During the chaotic final weeks of the Vietnam W...
A documentary about a group of pilgrims who tra...
With unprecedented access to the behind the sce...
In the 1960s and 70s thousands of hippies journ...
A big shot prosecutor Teodor Szacki divorces hi...
The Photographer is an elusive serial killer op...
In only his second feature, Portuguese filmmake...
Karen discovers, after 10 years of marriage, sh...
From 1886 to 1907 in the life of Sofie, a Jew i...
Kristin Lavransdatter is a 1995 Norwegian film ...
                                               NaN
A single mother is swept into a dark underworld...
In Landscape Suicide Benning continues his exam...
Sixty one-minute shots with no camera movement....
This is multifaceted look at the landscape and ...
Shots of 13 great lakes in the USA, with each s...
James Benning's worrying and also reassuring vi...
In 54 static shots, Benning provides a picture ...
The story of Saartjes Baartman, a Black domesti...
Like a Candide dreaming of Eldorado, Jallel lan...
A mesmerising thriller about the magic of film ...
A doctor works to cure patients suffering from ...
Rosario, the niece of the rancher, returns to t...
Carroll Baker plays a dual role as translator J...
It’s the 21st century, the Oil Wars have made a...
Two teenage boys try to help a tiny spherical a...
Project Questor is brainchild of the genius Dr....
In the early 1960s, an interracial couple under...
Hard core environmentalist tries a pill that re...
Returning home after a night of love spent in a...
                                               NaN
"Under Ten Flags" is a WWII movie loosely  base...
Chino Valdez is a loner horse breeder living in...
Spoof of sword-and-sandal flicks such as “Gladi...
In a small island off the American coast, the W...
Sebastian is an undisciplined mathematics geniu...
When rookie P.C. Strange falls for an under age...
Jenny Agutter plays Wynne, an adopted 14-year-o...
A CIA agent is used as a pawn in an insane woma...
The bizarre story behind the man accused of ass...
Angélique is a 60-year-old bar hostess. She sti...
On 24th August 1992 in the eastern German city ...
Thirty-year-old Ben is about to marry Juliette....
In this comedy, a guru’s groupie plans to seduc...
Ten humans on planet XT-59 paving the way troug...
Among others, Ernesto returns to Turin after th...
L'Amore in Città (English: Love in the City) is...
A prostitute goes on vacation to a beach resort...
Wealthy teenager Guendalina (Jacqueline Sassard...
Francesca, a seventeen-year-old Roman, is final...
The nun tells the priest about her past and the...
Paronzini at the age of 50, decides to get marr...
In a small presbytery in Yorkshire, England, li...
Helene (Catherine Deneuve), a pill-addicted ane...
A good-looking but naive lad leaves his mountai...
A middle-aged writer is looking for a quiet ret...
In 1976 in Nice, Agnes, the daughter of the own...
FBI agent Brad joins Tony and Nick, the self st...
After a stagecoach is robbed and the passengers...
            A yeti gets loose in downtown Toronto.
On the outskirts of the Civil War, a boy is sen...
A man buys a painting depicting witches being b...
Back Soon is a story of love, loss, identity an...
Why do the comic-strip Adventures of Tintin, ab...
Each member of a group of people has a connecti...
A bunch of students live in an apartment in Bol...
A disturbed teenage girl unleashes her pet tara...
Two Japanese scientists, Ushioda and Ochi, deve...
In 1988, filmmaker Kevin Tomlinson filmed &amp;...
An old man observes a boy bullying his playmate...
Algeria, the 1930s. Younes is nine years old wh...
An ancient pestilence called The Scourge has be...
Exploring the rough and tumble world of hockey,...
Project Viper is a 2002 movie starring Patrick ...
After a tragic accident Luke Gibson is left wit...
Jay Mohr's newest one hour special, and the fir...
The Gold Spinners is a story about the birth, g...
Kawariki must become the leader of the family a...
A documentary capturing the modern day VHS cult...
Reveals the history and worldwide scope of plas...
A daughter helps her estranged father who's los...
Reg and Lindsay run an organic fertiliser busin...
During World War II, оld Georgian peasant  wine...
A middle-aged, unemployed heroin-addict, Checki...
  A satire about Soviet bureaucracy.  WorldCat.org
Funny story about how on Christmas Eve in the U...
A duel between Soviet spy and German war criminal.
A chronicle of life in a small village in the B...
Eisenstein gets in trouble for shooting a grous...
It is 1920. After three years of the Russian Ci...
When a disfigured body of a woman is found in t...
Fantômas murders a baroness, cleverly framing t...
After his failed attempts to capture the ruthle...
Inspector Juve finds out that Fantômas is servi...
The work of a progressive female psychiatrist a...
A cowboy must clear himself of a murder he did ...
Don Pablo Salazar steals a fortune in jewels fr...
Rock-n-roll promoter Alan Freed holds a talent ...
Welcome to T &amp; A High, where the entire stu...
Brad, Steve, Hue, and Marvin are four get-nowhe...
A young girl who aspires to a singing career ge...
Three boys drop out of military school. They ge...
A group of people are killed one by one while p...
During the Korean War Lt. Sam Pryor volunteers ...
Robert Ryan plays an aging sheriff responsible ...
Johnny Liston has just been released from priso...
Sartana is falsely accused of robbing a bank, a...
The small desert town of Black City is held in ...
Sartana, bounty hunter and gunfighter, witnesse...
After witnessing a brutal massacre, the legenda...
A gang of vicious outlaws lead by the crazed Bl...
Wily roving gunslinger Sartana arrives in a sma...
Sartana and Trinity set out on a grudging relat...
Fresh off the heels of appearing in movies like...
Craig Ferguson, the Scotland-born host of the E...
Bo Burnham is back with a new one-man show full...
Finally, a comedian who isn't whining, insultin...
In the follow-up to his first EPIX comedy speci...
Smart, crude, and in-your-face, Australian comi...
The Killer Must Kill Again (Italian: L'assassin...
A doctor (Bernie Casey) in a Watts clinic takes...
A farmer returns home from the forest to find h...
A photographer on an archaeological expedition ...
Arms trafficking with the Indians on the one ha...
A brother and sister arrive in a small town to ...
In October of 1981, Curtis Danko, the creepy ki...
An office worker is trapped inside the building...
Father Maurice, a priest living in a residentia...
Drama documentary based on Bill O'Reilly's and ...
This kaleidoscopic film weaves together approxi...
Julian (Álex González) and his friend Luis (Mig...
Anita is the story of a young woman with Down s...
Scooby-Doo and Shaggy travel to Arabia to becom...
"Beer for My Horses" tells the story of two bes...
Everyone's favorite St. Bernard returns in this...
From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia. When Sar...
Eddie, a struggling animal trainer and single d...
After everyone's favorite St. Bernard gets fire...
A Christmas elf accidentally takes off in Santa...
Chicago cop Johnny Kelly, dissatisfied with his...
At Kinetech Labs, an inventor named Allan Tophe...
Bullied high school student Tommy is suddenly b...
Freedom Song (2000) is a made-for-TV film based...
Fresh out of the joint, young Ricco is eager to...
A young Jeff Buckley (Penn Badgley) struggles t...
Geoffrey Griffin who has been diagnosed with te...
A man who doesn't like stable work environments...
Widower Harry Keach is a construction worker wh...
Hercules is a 2005 RHI Entertainment television...
When a stolen white stallion escapes his captor...
James and Carl were only 10 years old when they...
An adman (Dana Andrews) and an adwoman (Eleanor...
When a man's wife and family are murdered, he p...
An intelligent pulse of electricity is moving f...
Two peanut vendors at a rodeo show get in troub...
A Young soldier returning from Iraq goes on a h...
Celebrated Polish director Jerzy Kawalerowicz (...
Musical tale about a struggle between a good Sc...
Will Handy grows up in Memphis with his preache...
Dancing great Bill Williamson sees his face on ...
The psychiatry department of a young doctor Cor...
Hercules searches for the Seven Thunderbolts of...
An eight-year-old boy discovers a family of tin...
The 1968 film shows Fedor Karamazov as a stingy...
A disgruntled phone company employee develops a...
The bloody hostility of two noble families on C...
Sam Longwood, a frontiersman who has seen bette...
When Bobby dies in a car accident he is not all...
All the worldwide children of less than nine ye...
In a city in South America an outbreak of bubon...
Raül, a farmer that tries to grow organic food,...
A woman attends wedding of successive men in he...
When a family meets for Christmas at their posh...
A troubled young man, Li faces pressure at work...
Marcel, an employee of Mercantieu, the jeweller...
A teenager becomes fixated on the handsome suit...
Young Amélie is currently enjoying life as the ...
A group of travelers, including a monk, stay in...
It's no holds barred for Julian in pursuit of u...
Married French lawyer Andre defends succesfully...
A collection of sketches on prostitution throug...
Two strangers - one white, one black - steal a ...
Based on a play by Willis Hall. A troop of Brit...
What would happen if a group of high school sla...
A group of girls and boys in their twenties set...
Marja tries to make ends meet by taking night s...
The socialist mayor of a small village in Franc...
Award winning theatrical documentary derived en...
Britain's top comedians pay tribute to the icon...
Emerging from the Detroit music scene of the 19...
Lunopolis is a 2009 direct-to-video science fic...
               Adaptation of Thomas Hardy's novel.
In this film Beck and his team are trying to fi...
Uuno Turhapuro is searching for a job and takes...
Bounty hunters seek shelter from a raging blizz...
                                               NaN
Performing for a packed house at Spreckels Thea...
Sune is back! Together with his little brother ...
Curious little penguin Pororo and his friends a...
A ruthless Interpol agent goes after the man wh...
Police believe that a respectable industrialist...
Mark Terzi goes to Genoa to take on the case of...
A mobster kills a cop during a robbery and then...
Stelvio Massi's crime thriller centers on a dri...
A murderous drug dealer breaks his partner out ...
A shoot out after a robbery ends with the death...
Maurizio Merli stars as a hot-shot police drive...
Pretty solid Merli/Massi collaboration. The plo...
A low-rent private investigator and former cop ...
In Rome, a vagrant finds the body of a teen gir...
Commissario Paolo Ferro (Maurizio Merli) stars ...
Undercover cop Fabio Testi infiltrates the worl...
A father and his two children wander the margin...
Cliff works as a narcotics investigator for the...
After several coeds are murdered at a college, ...
As John Dhannay, a CIA agent stationed in Rome,...
Nino, a regular working-class guy, finds that a...
It is a law police officials obey out of fear. ...
At first glance, Matthew VanDyke—a shy Baltimor...
A fishing-boat crew takes on a dangerous commis...
Julie, star cyclist, is two races away from win...
A dramatization of the famous 1893 Massachusett...
In a small American coal town living in the sha...
After a terrorist attack against a train, the p...
When the godson of San Francisco's crime lord a...
Wendy Walton is the best designer in Boston... ...
A documentary concerning the violent Italian 'p...
A former hitman is blackmailed into doing one m...
When a Las Vegas bodyguard with lethal skills a...
Michael lives in a housing project. He and his ...
In October 1983, members of ETA Lasa and Zabala...
A single woman runs a rent-a-cat service to pro...
A Himalayan legend of a love struggling against...
Paul is a sweet man-child, raised — and smother...
Quentin Jacobsen has spent a lifetime loving th...
The extraordinary story of a group of twenty-so...
Irene discovers that she must eat hearts in ord...
Gelsomina’s family works according to some spec...
Doug Harris is a loveable but socially awkward ...
Salt Lake City homicide detective Caleb Barnes ...
A female con-artist who sweet-talks wealthy men...
The story of how Norma Jean, once an orphan in ...
For astrological reasons, a father leaves his s...
This film tells the story of a few uneventful d...
It's a long hot summer for Charlie Boyd. He's s...
A follow up to the 2009 animated feature and ad...
Barry is a talented mechanic and family man who...
A talentless teen will do anything to get on TV...
Hoffa floats ashore in Estonia after his stolen...
Stig-Helmer takes another vacation with his nor...
The landlubber Stig-Helmer and his Norwegian fr...
Charles Ingvar Jönsson gathers three criminals ...
For Sebastian Silverberg life is all about his ...
Sickan has a new plan. This time, the gang are ...
Criminal trio strike at furniture store, discov...
Vanheden and Dynamit-Harry, together with Harry...
Den här gången är Jönssonligan verkligen illa u...
When Vanheden and Dynamit-Harry tries to break ...
Hör och häpna! De gamla kumpanerna Ragnar Vanhe...
When old feelings return, a reunion of friends ...
A love triangle between a man, two women and th...
Nils Karlsson Pyssling is a 1990 Swedish family...
1994. Rasmus two best friends Frans and Ian tal...
For a long time, a group of friends have been o...
Mona Bergström is a sweet eurovision-obsessed w...
A gang of highly efficient and cold hearted rob...
A dead body is found and police detective Mårte...
Eric, an ordinary man in his mid 30's with an o...
En film baserad på de svenska filmerna om Jönss...
                                  Dom är tillbaka!
A recently cheated on married woman falls for a...
Boy Meets Girl is a funny, tender, sex positive...
The three chief executives of Creative Concepts...
Faustus is a clerk in the St. Johns, Newfoundla...
Jamie Bamber portrays John Doe – a man accused ...
11-year-old Chan-yi is looking after his lovely...
Rick is a screenwriter living in Los Angeles. W...
There is just one week until Kate Mercer's 45th...
France, around 1900. Coming from the vibrancy o...
María, a 17-year-old Kaqchikel Maya, lives with...
A busy attorney, worried that his anorexic daug...
Greenland, 1908. Josephine, self-confident and ...
Andreas Dresen's adaptation of Clemens Meyer's ...
A romantic drama about a woman who enters into ...
A young Spanish woman who has newly moved to Be...
The story begins with Makoto Segawa, a freshman...
A story of love, sex and teen pregnancy in San ...
A group of Central-American teen-agers depart f...
Hanna is a 30 something single woman from Helsi...
One man wronged by a racist law enforcement sys...
Mona and Don’s seemingly perfect suburban bliss...
The town's leading citizen is a man victim of h...
A seemingly good Samaritan hires a private dete...
A small boy is instrumental in a famous Civil W...
No one seemed to care about Jamie Marks until a...
An artist, framed for the murder of a woman, is...
This film concerns a writer of mystery stories ...
aka Cybercity It's the year 2017, the Earth's s...
Vinnie Terranova is back, foiling a staged kidn...
A group of mercenaries is hired to spring Rudol...
A cattle herder and his family who reside in th...
Desperate to meet new girls, six down-on-their-...
Livingston is trying to merge the Russians, Chi...
Stefano, a young journalist, buys a used typewr...
Feeling forgotten by the children of the world,...
A Cashier in a bank in a small German town is a...
Artifact is a 2012 American documentary film di...
November 9, 1989, the day the Berlin Wall came ...
                                               NaN
Adult Camp is a comedy about the bumpy road to ...
L.A. engineer Pete Stanhope wants to stop expen...
Through a hidden path a lone rider reaches a li...
A film version of Genet's play. Two maids, Sola...
Following the banning and burning of his novel,...
A group of young girls is competing in a nation...
When a young boy is captured by a grizzly bear,...
He wanted adventure...She craved revenge...Emer...
A wildcatter and a geologist prospect for oil a...
This is a comedy about a six-year-old girl who ...
"One Last Hug" chronicles a three day summer ca...
A convict is released from prison in a small to...
Vesna, a Czech girl, arrives in Italy without m...
The man behind the legend and a knowing look at...
 Eloise insists on helping with yuletide nuptials.
Maurice, a reticent young homeless man, somehow...
A library assistant plods through an ordinary l...
Things are not going well in the depression-era...
A documentary about a trans-racial adoptee who ...
    A French espionage thriller playing in Zürich.
Based on book Le Taxi mauve (A Purple Taxi) by ...
                                               NaN
As every summer, Georges Lajoie, his wife Ginet...
                                               NaN
In this French crime thriller, you can leave th...
                                               NaN
A crook on the run hooks up with a criminal gan...
                                               NaN
Mario, a young philanderer, receives 13 antique...
A CIA man poses an actor as the husband of an a...
                                               NaN
A small-time con man on the run from the gangst...
Ulisse is a naive young man out looking for a j...
From the Louis Hemon novel "M. Ripois and His N...
                                               NaN
'Blip Festival: Reformat the Planet' is a featu...
                                               NaN
A documentary on legendary movie-poster artist ...
A man is arrested and condemned to five years i...
Nick Hezard, a young con man, wants to avenge t...
A plastic bag, thrown out in the trash, attempt...
In New York, a struggling actress and a success...
When Anders wakes up on his wedding day, he fin...
Through the heart and photographic lens of inte...
In the aftermath of a family tragedy, an aspiri...
The early life of Walt Disney is explored in th...
When aspiring knight Gareth goes in search of a...
Kurtwood Smith plays Myron Castleman, an everym...
Declared to be the funniest Robin Williams vide...
After a series of small tremors in Los Angeles,...
In this sequel to the made-for-television Disne...
Chris Rock brings his critically acclaimed bran...
A true equal-opportunity offender, Chris Rock's...
Dive into the life of teen Sarah Fiction, as sh...
Director Marcel Carné's 1960 look at juvenile d...
This BBC historical drama stars James Purefoy a...
After a life spent seeking pleasure and decaden...
Chaar Sahibzaade is the first photo realistic' ...
At a time when most females in Asia possess lit...
Hababam Sinifi is basically a movie based on th...
The late 1960s was the time of Beatles and Roll...
Nalla Sivam and Anbarasu meet under different c...
Story of a family. Problems, marriage, taxes, r...
                                No overview found.
Gautham is a rock star suffering from a mental ...
In the desperation to earn quick money, two bes...
In another typical Jean-Paul Belmondo vehicle, ...
On a stopover in Barcelona, Fériaud Roland disc...
The relationship between a successful businessm...
Young women in Nazi-occupied countries are pack...
A woman goes behind bars in order to save her f...
Life's A Breeze tells the story of a family as ...
O AMOR NATURAL is a documentary film about the ...
Details the catastrophic effects globalization ...
The Pilgrim's Progress meets The Little Rascals...
A Greek shopkeeper discovers something about hi...
When Dot (Brenda Fricker)'s granddaughter puts ...
When George (Sven-Bertil Taube), a half-blind w...
Mike Birbiglia shares a lifetime of romantic bl...
An original stand-up comedy special written and...
An adaptation of Jean Cocteau's play of a woman...
Mike says, "A few years ago my therapist sugges...
A proofreader at a small-town newspaper decides...
HECKLER is a comedic feature documentary explor...
Buster is thrown off a train near an amusement ...
Country girl comes to the big city, gets into a...
Ilsa works for an Arab sheik who enjoys importi...
A bounty hunter in Los Angeles sets out to trac...
Gives insight into the creators mindset and how...
The joke's on absent-minded scientist Wayne Sza...
Clark and Ellen Griswold embark on a trip to vi...
Antigone returns from Athens to her troubled ho...
At a Greek hotel in the off-season, a chamberma...
Roger Cobb (William Katt) is killed in a car ac...
Ah, young love. The air seems clearer. The sun ...
In 1914, with men gone to war, Marcel Proust hi...
In a large city lives a lonesome, 38-year old w...
Alma Mahler's affair with the young architect W...
A moon base is destroyed by a spaceship with a ...
The continuing adventures of Lilo, a little Haw...
Marc is a passionate cyclist and urban slacker ...
In 1988 Cynthia Beatt and the young Tilda Swint...
When Lou, who has become the "father of the Int...
Rosemonde, hailed as "the Princess" reign over ...
A gang in a Volvo have staked out a flat; when ...
In France, the single translator Diane Siprien ...
Condé-sur-Ginette, en périphérie d'une grande v...
A coming-of-age tale about an adolescent boy an...
It's 2150. There are all sorts of Aliens living...
Neale and Pedro fly cargo between Chungking and...
Night of the Devils is an Italian vampire thril...
A Shanghai journalist finds spiritual comfort o...
Lovestruck: The Musical: Tells the story of Har...
Too shy to make a proper introduction, a recent...
Eddie Izzard's routine has a loose trajectory f...
Town Hall, New York City, 26 June 2000. An even...
Based on Chris Bohjalian’s New York Times best-...
A young man is fired from his job at the sea po...
                                               NaN
In Highgate London, five young teenagers hoping...
This is the acclaimed 2008 BBC adaptation of th...
"Serving Life" is the first OWN original docume...
1976 American documentary film about the Bakhti...
A young girl lives with her mother and grandmot...
Ilsa, now a vicious warden, runs a mental-hospi...
16-year-old Maria is forced into Serra D'Aires ...
Blue Rita runs a nightclub and gases and kidnap...
A group of female freedom-fighters led by Karin...
A group of women are kidnapped by guerrillas an...
While visiting Switzerland, an American college...
After a peaceful sailboat ride, four young peop...
In Dublin, a young woman is brutally murdered i...
Michael is a successful actor, but he has a sca...
Joanna is famous because of her blog on confron...
The film is a personal statement of the directo...
Banklady tells the true story of Gisela Werler,...
Married or dating? Then you'll love this smart,...
A Japanophile young Belgian woman in Tokyo fall...
Three childhood friends meet again many years l...
The film follows aspiring singer-songwriter Jed...
                                               NaN
                                               NaN
Incredible optical illusions in a story in a st...
Fellini exposes his great attraction for the cl...
Titled Memphis, the film stars musician Willis ...
Once upon a time in post-war Rome: 13-year old ...
After the death of her father, Natalie Travers ...
An accountant, who never quite grew out of his ...
An artist meets a mysterious and wealthy benefa...
A lifelong mercenary commander and weapons expe...
An American (Lloyd Bridges) returns to his Lond...
An American realtor living in England is dissat...
The jungle king's cousin tries to get him to he...
A framed reporter (William Gargan) and the croo...
Out of Nature is a journey inside Martins head....
A band of Vikings cross enemy lines and a panic...
Europol Agent Tom Brindle is called to Barcelon...
Desperate, broke, and out of ideas, four colleg...
Several elderly homosexual men and women speak ...
A college student is possessed by a 40's era ga...
A new highway threatens a Chicago neighborhood,...
This classic Greek comedy revolves around the c...
                                                  
The film is the story of a group of soldiers, w...
An intimate examination of a contemporary artis...
Undercover cop Lucas White joins Vin Serento's ...
he enigmatic but vivid imagery of this loosely ...
In 1911, a willful and determined man from peas...
A tough but honest cop must clear his name afte...
                                               NaN
Two brothers compete in their own private 25-ev...
In 1975, 10-year-old Amar lives in a village in...
Zero is a police officer in his mid thirties, p...
Since his wife's death, Arthur, a peculiar and ...
A woman comes to New York City from Ohio to esc...
A look at the mysterious relationship between V...
A 25 year old young man with dreams of becoming...
      12-year-old Eli finds himself at summer CAMP
Lucie, who works as a white-hot fashion model, ...
Lost in the woods, the Emperor Qi (Anita Mui) s...
A female parole officer unwittingly gets involv...
A fading country music star (Keith) returns to ...
A wanna-be director is given 48 hours by a prod...
An insurance scam lands a man on death row for ...
A woman murders her boyfriends and steals some ...
An undercover Nazi in Libya aims to steal fuel ...
A glamorous playboy thug's brutal trail of murd...
After suffering a brutal trauma, Julia uses an ...
Summer, 1967. La Goulette, the touristic beach ...
Schtonk! is a farce of the actual events of 198...
A man is wrongly jailed for murder while the re...
After transferring to a new school, a teenage g...
A dramatization of the early years of the hard ...
A courier for a local crime lord must deliver a...
"A Short History of Decay" tells the story of N...
An intense new marijuana strain named “Black Fo...
Lieutenant Laurel Hester is dying. All she want...
Nicky, a veteran con artist, takes a novice nam...
Sent on a quest to rescue a princess, four clue...
Jennifer Shannon can always find a diamond in t...
Spin doctors spread misinformation and confusio...
One day, driving aimlessly around the outskirts...
Lisa and Marine live a life of relative compani...
A hot summer. A private district with an enormo...
Burger Beard is a pirate who is in search of th...
A police officer and a psychologist investigate...
The titular medallion is a gift presented to yo...
Police investigate apparent suicide of teen gir...
Based on the infamous novel by Leopold Sacher-M...
When a narcotics officer suspects that his beau...
Renowned gunman Richard Martin is traveling on ...
HEAVY PETTING is a hilarious and salacious expl...
A series of vignettes, usually of a crude sexua...
“In God We Teach” is the story of Matthew LaCla...
An underwater exploration beneath kelp forests ...
Benny and Claire, a down on their luck couple f...
During the second season of "In Living Color", ...
Kevin Smith brings his famous and "infamous" Q&...
An ex-CIA agent living in Indonesia tracks the ...
Tsukiko is part of the photography club at scho...
A multi-faceted look at how, in a supposedly eg...
A quasi-musical-comedy which descends into horr...
On a NYC subway in December 1984, 36-year-old B...
A young, by-the-book judge is appointed to a Si...
During World War I, in an unnamed country, a so...
                                               NaN
A police inspector comes into contact with peop...
                                               NaN
Teenager Lynn kills her father while he tries t...
Conditions have been better for the nameless pr...
As the Best Exotic Marigold Hotel has only a si...
Unable to recall the past 24 hours, a British b...
Charles Bronson is out for revenge in this acti...
London, modern day: Joe, a mild mannered young ...
Kali is ten. Her parents Rahul and Shalini are ...
From the director of Back to 1942, Feng Xiaogan...
An Indian student in Prague and a lonely New Yo...
A struggling, two-bit music manager will lose h...
                                               NaN
When a sexy actress is charged with murder, a c...
Bobby is a college freshman and as part of a fr...
A rags-to-riches story of two friends, a small-...
Seventy-five percent of the American people sti...
The legend of Jack The Ripper comes to real whe...
A young man who has lost his memory, escapes fr...
Charleston is a 1977 Italian comedy film writte...
The Trinity legend continues when the sons of T...
                                               NaN
The star is international glamour plate Claudia...
An enterprising reporter takes along four willi...
A planned evening of debauchery in Las Vegas to...
Three robbers escape with loot from a heist bef...
In his now well-known role of narrator of wildl...
A paroled crook masterminds a $3 million jewelr...
An evil caliph (Christopher Lee) offers his dau...
It took Penny Heller a long time to recover fro...
While dabbling in Satanism, Count Karstein resu...
Years after fleeing his ancestral home with his...
Robin of Loxley and his men stumble on a plot t...
Holmes (Peter Cushing) and Dr. Watson (John Mil...
The movie is about the Lokomo laborer, and grou...
A 30 ans, Bruno, rock-star has been, vit toujou...
It's Bad For Ya, Carlin's Emmy nominated 14th a...
Paul Braconnier and his wife Blandine only have...
                                               NaN
Louis and his Daddy are driving back home. Dadd...
A man is falsely convicted of the murder of his...
A 10 year old girl lives in post WWII rural Fra...
Selma's mother died giving birth to her, and Se...
      North Korean spies return to their homeland.
The voice of a new generation rocks and rhymes ...
Based on 'Jane Rogers' acclaimed novel, "Island...
Fred Daly returns to Ireland with nowhere to li...
Han heter Carl Hamilton. Han är specialutbildad...
An anti-Nazi on the run and a young Jewish coup...
As a visual narrative it is reminiscent of a pi...
Hear My Train A Comin’ unveils previously unsee...
In the middle of the night, deputy Philippe Dub...
THIRD REICH: THE RISE &amp; FALL tells the stor...
         An 8-year-old boy tracks down his father.
Wanted by the mafia, a New York City bike messe...
A track coach in a small California town transf...
A young woman with psychic powers is obsessed w...
A story of family, community, music and traditi...
A look into the judicial scandal that rocked th...
An 83 year-old man returns to Germany for a lon...
A wife and mother starts an affair with a young...
In 1969, a young Beijing student, Chen Zhen, is...
Three technicians working in an underground lab...
Dan Hogan and his gang have held up a bank for ...
Fashion photographer Carlo and his model Olga k...
A stranger and a bandit seek out a trio of play...
Karen marries Arnold at his funeral and continu...
A mad doctor builds a robot in order to steal a...
Inspired by the 2006 Academy Award® nominee for...
Rattled by the prospect of becoming a dad, a 40...
Medical researcher Frank, his fiancee Zoe and t...
A study in greed in which treasure hunters seek...
This arty triad flick from Wai Ka-Fai and Johnn...
ASSA is set in Crimea during the winter in the ...
Los Flamencos is a comedy about death. Starring...
Roberto is a doctor in a small town near Naples...
Second film by the Aldo,Giovanni &amp; Giacomo ...
                                               NaN
                                               NaN
Robber Roy King loses his wife, Alicia, to revo...
A man's wife is found suspiciously drowned in t...
A promising goalkeeper of Real Madrid sees his ...
A hard-working small business owner and his two...
Set in communist Poland of the 80s the movie de...
Mutantes sheds light on a feminism that was lit...
Newly transferred to the bustling port city of ...
As in the novel of the same title from Camilo J...
This fact-based prison drama tells the tale of ...
Hall Bartlett directs the rural drama The Child...
A Mafia boss is enraged when he is suspected of...
A gang of young and ruthless bikers terrorizes ...
In Genoa, the Commissioner Sironi has identifie...
Janssen plays an ex-CIA agent who has become an...
The film is set in a world, the Popular Democra...
It's a story of 29-year-old top-manager Max who...
Set in the belly of Los Angeles' criminal under...
Truman Korovin is a lonely, sharp-witted cab dr...
The story is set in 2027, one year after the en...
A circle of twenty-something friends reunite fo...
Maria da Graça is a country girl who is looking...
Arun (Aamir Khan) is a reclusive and lonely mod...
A small-town boy needs to break through the cla...
Pepe Le Moko (Tony Martin) leads a gang of jewe...
A look at post-9/11 America by the Danish docum...
The wealthy playboy son of an assassinated Sout...
Returning to themes he first explored in La str...
WHITEY: United States of America v. James J. Bu...
With the help of their high school's newest tea...
Bikes vs Cars depicts a global crisis that we a...
Superman’s clone, Bizarro, has become an embarr...
A group of animals waiting for the annual flood...
The German-language CG-animated fantasy Urmel v...
Tom and Jerry find a dragon egg, and help the b...
Using every known means of transportation, seve...
A young man ushers an older woman into a dark e...
Kuba attends an art opening with his girlfriend...
"Plastic Paradise" is an independent documentar...
Chapman is an ex-marine in Brazil's slums, batt...
This drama of middle-class life in postwar Japa...
An old man gets progressively livelier - and dr...
William K.L. Dickson brings his hat from his on...
The story follows 19-year-old Renee who has alw...
March 1992, in a small town in the suburbs of P...
Bright days ahead? Caroline has retired, at las...
Second film of the Mardock Scramble series. Bal...
The story of a nymphomaniac model with a somewh...
A businessman comes into conflict with a gangst...
After an elderly crime boss retires from busine...
A crew that is filming a horror movie is stalke...
A gang raid a bank, making off with a nice tidy...
Gianni Manera writes, directs and stars in this...
Wealthy surgeon Andreas Valenti accidentally ki...
                                               NaN
The story follows the two sisters Melissa and E...
The rise and fall of the most distinguished Pol...
A priest becomes involved in demonology and exo...
In the year 1590, the mighty warlord Toyotomi H...
Maryse and her husband are desperate to sell a ...
While vacationing at a beachside resort, a sing...
Following a newspaper ad, ordinary women tell p...
Some time after the events of The Ring, a subcu...
Ferding, Santos and Willy only drink in despair...
Fernandez is a lonely man leading a lonely life...
Nazareno Cruz is the seventh son of a couple li...
A popular sensation in medieval Europe, bestiar...
An introverted man runs a "car cemetery" where ...
Feminism, Victoria Benedictsson, Leandro N. Ale...
Early 20th century Philippines. The sounds of w...
Mix-mastering history, the paranoid thriller, t...
Famed Spanish director Victor Erice narrates th...
After the India of Varanasi’s boatmen, the Amer...
Malcolm and Sofia, two determined teens from th...
Brooklyn mobster and prolific hit man Jimmy Con...
Three soldiers get trapped in an elevator when ...
The Killers is a short student film based on th...
A young musician takes a beautiful tattoo artis...
After their parents abandon the family, a young...
Two youngsters declare to their parents that th...
Ruthless killer for hire breaks the rules of hi...
If you ever find yourself traveling down Inters...
Under the direction of founder and world-renown...
            The story of the Queen of the Tartars.
Agent 077 - Mission Bloody Mary or Agente 077 m...
A tough CIA agent is called in to put a stop to...
Argoman has a silly costume and is a sexist pig...
Lucita has been locked away in a convent by her...
An airport employee switches a pack of drugs fo...
A Chinese missionary comes to England. He helps...
Diabolical French capitalist Paul Reynard is fo...
The inhabitants of a boarding house fear the ne...
Evelyn (Anne Baxter), an emotionally vulnerable...
After the war, Matt Gordon returns to Singapore...
A French jeweler travels to India in search of ...
In the suburbs of Tokyo some time ago, there li...
Germany, May 1945, deep in the Harz Mountains a...
Composed of three disturbingly sensual and terr...
After suffering an injury in the ring, embattle...
Marty is the ideal fifth grader. He gets good g...
When deadly attacks from the forests beset a se...
Thanatomorphose is a french word meaning the vi...
A rendition of the Dracula tale with many simil...
He’s one of the hardest working filmmakers in t...
A loving father finds a clown suit for his son'...
After she has been dumped by her boyfriend, Pau...
KINGDOM OF SHADOWS follows three people grappli...
                                               NaN
                                               NaN
Darling is a woman of today. It seems to always...
August in Paris' suburbs, 7 friends are gathere...
Camille was only sixteen and still in high scho...
After his movie and television career has run d...
Two young American women go on a Mediterranean ...
When her father unexpectedly passes away, young...
On Anna's birthday, Elsa and Kristoff are deter...
A documentary about juveniles who are serving l...
Chronicle of publisher Gene Pope Jr.'s celebrit...
Lea, Adrian, and their little brother Theo, bor...
The true story of the kidnapping of Freddy Hein...
One winter, a pastor finds an abandoned infant ...
Max Simkin repairs shoes in the same New York s...
A bad girl and a province boy found love in the...
Young T.T. comes from Chicago to spend the summ...
A young man just released from a reformatory mo...
Irish rebels launch an uprising against the Bri...
Striking a chord with audiences everywhere in 2...
Stodge City is in the grip of the Rumpo Kid and...
A wild beach boy takes a job on a tuna fishing ...
Carl Foster takes off on a well-deserved weeken...
A former pilot suffering from blackouts discove...
Not-so-smart chatterbox Dulcy Parker does and s...
Francis is desperate: her parents want to force...
One hot afternoon in the south of France, sever...
A rookie black journalist investigates the tens...
Sensuous and desirable, Carol Forrest has alway...
On Chicago's South Side, too many kids get thei...
Zeynep, Tülin Özen works in a hotel as a housek...
Called up for jury duty, Richard Dice finds his...
It's not easy being the most popular couple in ...
Randy commits a crime that would normally get h...
Northern lawyer John Reynolds travels to New Or...
Todd Boomer is a college student aspiring to ge...
On a raining evening, middle-school student Yeo...
Oliver Barrett IV is emotionally devastated by ...
A man pays a hitman to kill him. Circumstances ...
The true story of a rich girl who was abducted ...
Susan Shelley is released from an asylum where ...
West Point graduate lieutenant Jeff Knight meet...
Angered that her sister Celia has stolen her fi...
In a post-apocalyptic world ravaged by feuding ...
The FBI and Texas police make ready to storm th...
After being hit by a car, a woman comes home to...
      That Gal...Who was in That Thing: That Guy 2
A Bishop from Australia comes to Perry to ask h...
Perry and Della are finally married by his old ...
Washed-up history professor Lewis Birch takes h...
A greedy but successful professional gambler wa...
A Western outsider tries to help a woman on the...
Restless spirits stir this Hollow's Eve, beckon...
Two couples spend a weekend in the country, onl...
When a legendary escape artist comes up for par...
Dr. Allen Seward (Robert Francis) is assigned t...
A child learns martial arts in order to become ...
Brandy Kirby (Lizabeth Scott ) and crooked Lawy...
Erika is mentally bruised and starts group ther...
A documentary that analyzes the modern educatio...
A family finds itself in a dead-end situation. ...
A month after the Wall Street occupation, a num...
A young man struggling with the death of his pa...
Bitte Andersson’s debut feature »Dyke Hard« is ...
When a mysterious stranger arrives in their iso...
Other Girls tells the story of four young girls...
Something in his past keeps career Army man Joh...
A fifteen-foot grizzly bear figures out that hu...
A man stays alone with his children in a half d...
Philipp Gerber is a smart, but self-satisfied c...
A young farmer and his father are barely able t...
Portrait of Costa da Morte (coast region in Gal...
The amazing comedian Bill Hicks passed away in ...
The comedy film sees TV Burp star Hill embark o...
A celebration of the musical work of a group of...
Tom Canboro is a police detective with a Christ...
A young girl is brutally murdered somewhere in ...
The story of the short life, and brutal gang ra...
KILL SPEED is a high-octane, youth oriented, TO...
Based upon Matt Thorne's award-winning novel ab...
In the year 2011, the prison system is run by t...
As a war rages on in the province of Bougainvil...
When a science experiment goes horribly wrong, ...
National Lampoon's Men in White is a straight-t...
1654, Ottoman Empire, Greece. A Turkish Warrior...
A CIA assassin attempts to break out of the con...
An aspiring actor discovers that his spacious n...
A toy stuffed dog has just been sewn together w...
Alexandre, a TV reporter, is working for a few ...
About a race of alien robots that have conquere...
After the death of Renaud, her boyfriend, Armel...
All of the Clow Cards have been captured, and S...
The Linguists is a hilarious and poignant chron...
A pharmacist is murdered, and a woman happens t...
The memories of a US private in Vietnam who slo...
When his sister Betsy packs up and leaves the f...
One man decides to wage war against a gang of t...
Set in Manchester, heartland of England's indus...
Fragancia is arrested for the attempted murder ...
The deputy manager of a London bank has worked ...
A young priest (Robert Forster) questions his f...
An exiled band of Hell's Angels strike a bargai...
In the distant future, the human race nears ext...
Patrick lays comatose in a small private hospit...
Gwendolyn Shepherd is a normal 16-year-old, but...
The movie tells the story of the successful upr...
Legendary filmmaker Sam Raimi and director Gil ...
Living a bleak existence at a London orphanage,...
An uptight documentary filmmaker and his wife f...
A stil-life of marvellous Danish footballer Mic...
A mentally unstable man, who has been kept in i...
This compelling political drama is based on the...
An intimate portrait of a 9 year old sociopath ...
As the first African team ever, Somalia has jus...
An otherworldly evil is slipping into a small t...
Rock artist Frank Zappa hosts a concert in New ...
France, 1940. In the first days of occupation, ...
A film about the first benefit rock concert whe...
The employees of the famous Russian "Claude Mon...
Frankie Madison returns to New York after 14 ye...
One night on a lonely highway, a speeding car t...
Imprisoned Harry Lomart is a vicious, brute of ...
A man's attempts to construct the ultimate roma...
Beatrice Prior must confront her inner demons a...
Prem Prakash Tiwari (Ayushmann Khurrana) listen...
Epic story about two families and their friends...
Air Force One is shot down by terrorists, leavi...
The sentimental and comedic adventures of Eddie...
Lucie makes her living selling bathing costumes...
Fleur, a shy young Parisian in Marseilles, meet...
A serial-killer frightens Paris by phoning youn...
The Band of the Hawk participates in the Midlan...
Guts, an immensely strong sword-for-hire, has l...
A year has passed since Guts parted ways with t...
Benjamin is meant to be a great doctor, he’s ce...
Based on a little known 1848 novel by Anne Bron...
Young adolescent girl Jenna's mother is dying, ...
Based on the award-winning comic book by Mike M...
When Earth is taken over by the overly-confiden...
Based on the book by Thomas M. Disch and intend...
Colin, an ambitious young American businessman,...
       Mysteries keep revolving around Tam’s life.
1547, King Henry VIII's life has taken a turn f...
                                               NaN
A bachelor's life is interrupted by the appeara...
A professional thief tries to break with his pa...
An account of early 1970s social activist Ira E...
Get Christie Love! is a 1974 made-for-televisio...
A family of children decide not to tell anyone ...
Two adventurers set sail to find a giant man-ea...
A dramatization of the incident in 1972 when Ar...
One in a Million: The Ron LeFlore Story was a 1...
A man (Shatner) going through a mid-life crisis...
A young couple embark upon their honeymoon agai...
A father and son go on the run after the dad le...
Eight years after fleeing the Congo following h...
Told from the female perspective, the story of ...
Told from the male perspective, the story of a ...
A poetic road trip through Pulitzer prize-winni...
A foundling, raised in the circus, Sam Lion bec...
For Pablo Escobar family is everything. When yo...
In the early 1900's, the legendary Joe Hill emi...
Maid in Sweden tells the story of Inga, a 16-ye...
A mother and daughter hatch a scheme to murder ...
Love story involving a Canadian professional ho...
Two documentary filmmakers go back in time to t...
An elite counter-intelligence unit learns of a ...
Zürich in the mid 50‘s: The young shy teacher E...
Southern Baptist Sissies is the live film of th...
Director Tominaga Masanori (Pandora's Box) brin...
BOYS tells the story of Sieger, a sporty, rathe...
Donato fails in his attempt to save a drowning ...
James Franco's Sal chronicles the final hours o...
Deckard Shaw seeks revenge against Dominic Tore...
While video chatting one night, six high school...
He was one of Germany's leading investment expe...
Akane is a high school teacher who hears a rumo...
A couple on a deep-wilderness hike become hopel...
In the middle of October 1998, Enjou Tomoe is a...
A decorated Vietnam Vet returns to his father's...
Four sexy young foreign girls come to England a...
Claudia Cardinale is Popsy, who double-crosses ...
Having emigrated to New York and immediately go...
A 16 year-old society girl is kidnapped and exp...
A man accidentally learns that he has a mystica...
A terrorist places an atom bomb somewhere in an...
In 1957, a group of high school girls spending ...
When Dr. Peter Fales’s (Klaus Kinski) patients ...
In July 1976, an Air France flight from Tel-Avi...
After narrowly escaping an ancient burial groun...
After the death of their college age son, Anne ...
A young woman grieving the loss of her mother, ...
The world's most famous madame is called to Was...
A political filmmaker finds himself in Long Isl...
June and her friends take over a service statio...
An English family of six takes in a pregnant wo...
In order to avoid the closure a bar the owner a...
A cop from the moon is sent to the Earth, now p...
While receiving a routine check-up, a beautiful...
Bentzi, Momo, and Yuda'leh are three teenage bo...
During a New Year's Eve celebration, a punk-roc...
A young man struggles to become a boxing champ,...
In the midst of WWII, a group of half-witted so...
In Zola's Paris, an ingenue arrives at a tony b...
Follows the tale of a young woman’s sexual awak...
Elderly Scott kills himself after a heart attac...
Robotech: The Movie, also called Robotech: The ...
Secret Service agents must retrieve the briefca...
Eddie (Emile Charles) and Michael (Tony Forsyth...
Written in 1931, H.P. Lovecraft's iconic genre-...
Based loosely on the real-life story of the Wor...
To save her father, a girl who always puts othe...
Feature-length, live-action musical version of ...
Rick and Melissa are a pair of young lovers hop...
Cold War drama about two gung-ho border command...
An adventurer (Hamilton) decides to go in searc...
Norman Mailer’s first feature filmmaking effort...
Over a booze-fueled, increasingly hectic five-d...
A house wife just left her cop husband, when sh...
A former cop returns to challenge a plot to esc...
Fontaine Khaled is the wife of a wealthy but bo...
A young woman is falsely convicted of a bank ro...
In New York in the late 60s, a politically moti...
Fraser's unrequited love for the beautiful and ...
A successful aging dancer takes a young female ...
Two bickering mercenaries are hired by the CIA ...
A pair of children befriend an eccentric old ma...
A young man in a personal tailspin flees the US...
Deboot of the Power Rangers. Joseph Kahn's take...
A teenage girl whose inaction caused her mother...
Based on Harold Pinter's enigmatic play about a...
Clement, a young philosophy teacher, is sent to...
Malcom's done with his life. Only the noise of ...
Brothers on the Line explores the extraordinary...
Young Musa is orphaned after a mysterious illne...
As part of the first wave in the War on Terror,...
A deranged 15th Century prison colony chaplain ...
An American jewel thief in Monaco encounters va...
War erupts between dirty cops and outlaw bikers...
A Red Army major caught between East and West B...
After an accident during a routine trip to Venu...
A lonely man's relationship to his doppelganger...
Jason and Alexandra 'Alex', a close couple, loo...
Hulk Hogan and Grace Jones star in this adventu...
Twenty years after the American people have bee...
This sequel to Flowers in the Attic picks up 10...
Public Defender Eddie is a widower with a 13 ye...
As soon as Harvey S. Potter descends upon a dro...
In the former Czechoslovakia, 1950s, police cap...
Several couples head upstate to the country to ...
A singer holes up at a sinister estate to write...
A recently-married woman who has been labeled a...
A troubled young girl goes to confession at the...
In 1957, Dorothy and Edmund Yates (Keith and Ru...
Somewhere in the middle of the English countrys...
Actors rehearsing a show at a mysterious seasid...
A timid officer worker becomes both pariah and ...
                                No overview found.
Set in Stalin-era Soviet Union, a disgraced MGB...
A group of environmentalists arrives at a faraw...
After his mother dies, 19-year-old Charlie Conr...
                                               NaN
Justine, struggles with commitment, listens to ...
A young doctor, Alexandra Kendall, seeking chan...
The true story of jockey Bob Champion who overc...
Carlin returns to the stage in his 13th live co...
Biopic of Russian ice hockey legend Valeri Khar...
Shown a life in the remote siberian village. Va...
Stunning espionage documentary on the US conspi...
A married man's death puts his widow and mistre...
            Also known as Santo vs. the She-Wolves
Johann and Robin, a young gay couple, travel to...
A landscape gardener is hired by famous archite...
                  The new movie of Vincent Lannoo.
Yusuf is released from prison after serving a t...
William G. Wilson is co-founder of Alcoholics A...
A film with emphasis on visuals and music, the ...
Repeatedly beat to a pulp by gamblers, cops, an...
The film is set in 1960, fifteen years after th...
Battles Without Honor and Humanity: Final Episo...
As Japan gears up for the 1964 Olympic games, t...
                                No overview found.
Bertone is a moderately honest homicide cop. Un...
When obscenely rich hedge-fund manager James is...
A western businessman, his Thai wife and son ex...
Ansari headlines the iconic Madison Square Gard...
After the traumatic loss of her mother, a teena...
Sunny is struggling to make a living in the Bol...
One man's journey to discover the bitter truth ...
During a ride with his new pony Sinoya, the you...
Silvio (Silvio Muccino, the director's younger ...
Mara Lorbeer, a fifteen year old girl, finds ou...
Julian is a womanizer who has affairs with seve...
Remastered, re-cut, re-imagined, remarkable! (k...
                                               NaN
An Orphaned Boy sets out in search of adventure...
Scotland Yard investigators have to prevent the...
Santa doesn't want to retire, but rules are rul...
Based on Tommy Jaud's bestselling novel, this c...
In the middle of nowhere, 20 years after an apo...
After living for years as a struggling artist i...
Ronal is a young barbarian with low self-esteem...
Ziege, Häschen and Max have now moved to Berlin...
During their childhood, Hanna and Clarissa were...
A girl who always tends to fall in love with th...
At an altitude of 18,000 feet, Alaska's Mount S...
                                No overview found.
                                               NaN
The evil stepmother conjures up a spell that re...
This incredible film, produced by George Cloone...
Film that mixes live action and animation, from...
Hans der Beer's beloved polar bear Lars returns...
Mädchen, Mädchen 2 – Loft oder Liebe (Girls On ...
Jonas is 18-years-old and has had to repeat sev...
In Disney's take on the Alexander Dumas tale, M...
Young Rudolph suffers a childhood accident that...
                                               NaN
A lowly stable elf finds that he is the only on...
David Sieveking left home years ago to make fil...
The story opens in a Western saloon, where a yo...
Arthur and Anatole are two little robbers. They...
Kibosh, supreme ruler of all ghosts, decrees th...
Four aging animals, a dog, a cat, a donkey and ...
A documentary about the making of the movie "Dr...
Three not-so-cool school friends decide to try ...
                                               NaN
                                               NaN
The tale of Siegfried, a fearless dragon slayer...
                                               NaN
Love Exposure explores the very roots of female...
A couple of slackers find an antique dagger and...
The 3rd movie by the comedian duo Erkan and Ste...
Back from their trip abroad, the family must me...
A holiday themed animated direct-to-video film ...
                                No overview found.
                                No overview found.
The adventures of three teenage girls - Inken, ...
Hitler no longer believes in himself, and can b...
Frank and Simone have fulfilled a dream and liv...
                                No overview found.
                                No overview found.
A wicked investor wants Werner's residential ar...
What a man is a comedy that tells the story of ...
                                No overview found.
A mostly-deserted island, which is believed to ...
                                No overview found.
In the sequel of "Ants in the Pants" we again m...
A not so clever guy called Berti with a Opel Ma...
Listening in to a conversation between his doct...
A girl. A boy. A love story. But also about dre...
Vietnam in HD is a 6-part series that immerses ...
Follow the lives of soldiers who lived Wold War...
A disfigured concentration-camp survivor, unrec...
An underground MMA fighter must confront his si...
A man, his dog, a young woman and a filmmaker i...
Beaten up, bruised, and scared, a young writer ...
Detectives and best friends Andreas and Simon l...
Life-long business partners Santiago and Eugeni...
Based on the game, Dead Rising takes place duri...
A powerful and touching drama set in Chicago's ...
On the day of his funeral, a dedicated smalltow...
A young psychology student is drawn into the da...
Director Lesley Selander's 1954 western stars S...
In a small town in the 1950s, Ellie Dane loses ...
iggy Banks tells the story of two charming and ...
Young Dr. Kildare (Lew Ayres) treats a hoodlum ...
A group of copper miners, Southern veterans, ar...
Twenty-something Alan (Gleeson) is down on his ...
A man returns to his sublet apartment to find t...
Four old friends - Kamil, Lesha, Sasha and Slav...
Hartmut Mackowiak, a German taxi driver, tries ...
Flo is not quite a normal teenager: While all h...
Werner, Andi and Eckat play dice to determine t...
Kenai finds his childhood human friend Nita and...
The last three weeks of school life have begun:...
Short film depicting a fictional educational fi...
The movie deals with a guy who gets to join the...
Two friends who are doing civil service flee to...
On the eve of the founding of the Joseon Dynast...
      The life of Irwin Goodman, a Finnish singer.
After losing her mother in a tragic accident, B...
The U.S. Secret Service goes after a counterfei...
A judge flees the pressures of professional and...
A martial arts instructor working at a police a...
Hot-shot pilot Dan Hogan is sent deep into the ...
Reynolds plays an ex-soldier-of-fortunish chara...
It's Superbowl. And there's a lot of drama, one...
Two hurricane hunters track a huge, violent hur...
The son of Emperor Franz Josef of Austria, Crow...
A group of Australian SAS regiment soldiers are...
Bob has snapped and teeters on the edge of real...
Secretly engineered and blasted into space by g...
In this tribute to the old time spaghetti weste...
Immediately after Lisa (Loren) declares that sh...
A young woman arrives in the western town of He...
A naive monk, named Brother Ambrose (Marty Feld...
LAW & ORDER surveys the wide range of work the ...
Cattle Annie and Little Britches is a 1981 Amer...
A teenage runaway attempts to readjust to home ...
Two bumbling magicians help a Middle Eastern pr...
A woman's husband is murdered and she and her l...
A pregnant white Southern girl and a black New ...
An innocent man is found guilty of murder and s...
Wealthy, reckless Californian Julie Merriday, a...
A feature film docu-comedy about UFOs, Aliens, ...
A comatose hospital patient harasses and kills ...
After a massacre of an Indian village by the U....
Rich, eccentric T.J. Banner adopts a feral cat ...
A girl, sent by her parents to live with her tw...
A Florida boy (Bryan Russell) tells his Little ...
James Conners comes home to the town of Legend,...
An aging cowboy must choose between his desire ...
In 1923, Gregory Vance, a widower with two chil...
In the midst of a tropical storm, the crew of a...
A man's dying wish is for the people in his lif...
A young man raised in the American South discov...
A young boy tries to train Thunderhead, a beaut...
When a man discovers his wife is having an affa...
On the day the 15-year statute of limitations e...
A mysterious explosion occurs at the Balam Brid...
While on a seemingly routine job, a jaded hit m...
Underwater Dreams, narrated by Michael Peña, is...
Shishio has set sail in his ironclad ship to br...
Kenshin has settled into his new life with Kaor...
A ticket-taker at the local cinema believes he ...
In the early 1970s, Dr. Henry West creates an i...
The story of Leon, an antiques collector who in...
In 1868 during the late Qing Dynasty, rampant c...
Firehand and his Apache friend Winnetou are det...
When a college girl who is alone on campus over...
Wong Kam-Kwei, a gang boss on the decline, over...
Beneath the fake blood and cheap masks of count...
Group of Spanish friends on the tropical island...
Three family members head deep into the woods f...
With Christmas approaching, a struggling single...
A young family find themselves in serious dange...
When you become a detective in Warsaw Indiana -...
Marine Boy is the story of a former national sw...
Psychic Heather Burton and a team of TV ghost h...
Venereal disease forces a confirmed bachelor to...
A moving, nostalgic portrait of the men behind ...
Lawrence is an optimistic suit salesman for who...
Douglas Elmore is an alcoholic writer and caret...
Based on real events, and set in Rio de Janeiro...
In present-day Japan, little Masashi moves from...
In the near future, writer Victor Banev gets hi...
Москва, 90 — е. Город без прошлого и без будуще...
Two novice thieves are plotting to rob a bank i...
A sweltering summer’s day in 1987. In a small r...
In a rural school in the middle of the mountain...
Deep in the forest a group of ﬁve friends wande...
Five juvenile delinquents break out of jail and...
A visual essay about the progressive tradition ...
A man in a small boat reaches an island on the ...
This movie is a documentary about  Balnearios. ...
Rock and roll band purchases piece of music to ...
A film crew is travelling from America to Greec...
Three middle-aged daddies visit California to h...
Hayat, her father and bedridden grandfather liv...
The misadventures of three students in medical ...
Mahsun Supertitiz is an unemployed homeless man...
        A movie about a man trying to find solice.
Mertkan has a simple life in Istanbul: 'working...
Celal, lives an unhappy family life with his wi...
A poor painter falls in love with a photograph ...
An extraordinary interpretation of Hamlet from ...
The story evolves around the necklace stolen fr...
A young, idealistic female Israeli military inv...
Following a breakdown and suicide attempt, an a...
Admiral Isoroku Yamamoto (1884-1943) was the Ja...
A budding female race-car driver finally meets ...
A satirical take on a modern day Ned Kelly who ...
Travis is due to marry Stephanie in a few days ...
Regarding Susan Sontag is an intimate study of ...
A documentary detailing an indiscriminate terro...
Day or night, it's a hot and wild summer at Mal...
Russell has been expelled from several schools ...
The coach of a college tennis team is given an ...
George Lollar takes his family on vacation with...
Josh is a high school guy who lives with adopti...
Danny is hopelessly in love with his teacher Pe...
A teen is visited by aliens after he broadcasts...
Grace is an overweight mortuary cosmetician who...
Milly is annoyed whenever her mom tells her to ...
Tells Lacey Schwartz's story of growing up in a...
Julie, the youngest daughter of a bankrupt merc...
Two codependent roommates, on the verge of evic...
Set in New York City, the film follows a naive ...
Old friends reunite to accompany a friend on a ...
A teen convicted of murdering his father escape...
Standard camp shenanigans and romance amongst t...
My American Cousin is a Canadian drama film, re...
The Maida family has moved to Oregon, and daugh...
A nerdy college student is pressured to help a ...
A busload containing three cheerleading teams f...
                                               NaN
JJ is a 'Stud' Lesbian. Together with her best ...
An affectionate bow to the master sleuth in thi...
A woman whose family was brutally murdered when...
A mysterious series of suicides makes people of...
When Shaun decides to take the day off and have...
A manic-depressive mess of a father tries to wi...
A "Hitlerjugend" kind of story, set in the Sovi...
Violent crime is routine. Organized drug trade ...
It's a new year at Montclair High and it's abou...
The mating rituals of two teenage surf chicks f...
Greedy locals are trying to turn some beach pro...
Frustrated with all the minor irritants of the ...
In this adolescent comedy a group of college gi...
A clique of four young teachers at a high schoo...
Two teenage summer camp counselors struggle wit...
A janitor at a small town ski resort, who also ...
Danny wants two things in life more than anythi...
Two New York hustlers (Michael O'Keefe, Paul Ro...
Three sexy young women are hired to ensure that...
Some students taking driver's ed during the sum...
School is out, and three girls head to the beac...
Touching story of elderly couple David and Eva ...
The Funniest Movie About Growing Up Since "Pork...
After a strange storm in the Carribean causes a...
Roberto is a young and ambitious lawyer who is ...
When an evil emperor executes their leader, his...
International Security Affairs agent Jon is on ...
A look at the lives of Carlo, Giulia, and their...
Ji-woong is a loser who can't find a job so he ...
We call them by a hundred different names: boob...
Robert Durst, scion of one of New York’s billio...
An intimate portrait of Matthew Shepard, the ga...
On a class excursion to a cave with stone age p...
Cookie and her brother run away from their love...
A group of sex-crazy guys pose as porno filmmak...
Damian Wayne is having a hard time coping with ...
Matt Dillion  In East Texas, the summer after h...
Sebastian has one ambition in life: to do nothi...
In a fateful bumper car collision, Jake and Ell...
A young couple spend the night in a restaurant,...
This boisterous comedy, set against the backdro...
Set in a senior high school class, J.J. (Michae...
When he is caught with his girlfriend, she is s...
Young guys on the make get a job at a resort ho...
Six friends gather every evening in a basement ...
Natalie allows her classmate Jeff, who ran away...
Everett and his party-hungry buddies embark on ...
From PBS - Civil rights attorney Thurgood Marsh...
John Logan is a poor little rich boy. He learns...
Matt and Woody's summer in Cocoa Beach is going...
A nerdy teenage scientist discovers a formula f...
A group of varied misfits (including a former p...
In this adolescent-oriented drama, a young woma...
A teenage boy that had early sexual encounters ...
Two high school goofs steal an explosive device...
Maria Altmann, an octogenarian Jewish refugee, ...
Denise Watson is a TV station worker who is the...
The film represents life in a godforsaken Russi...
In Soviet days an old peasant woman's hen begin...
In The Seat Filler, Derrick (Martin) is a strug...
According to the U.S. Department of Veterans Af...
A documentary covering Firefly's birth, death a...
A young writer experiences visions during episo...
                                No overview found.
A successful, womanizing middle-aged man decide...
Smart and brazen comedian Iliza Shlesinger shar...
Doug Benson brings his weed laced comedy to Sea...
Samba migrated to France 10 years ago from Sene...
Queen Aggravain has ruled that none may marry u...
This new version of "The Sound of Music" will b...
Bill Bailey's Part Troll tour has been a huge s...
It’s snowing in Kabul, and gregarious waiter Mu...
Hapless driving instructor and former Gunnery S...
25 year-old Dwayne McLaren, a former athlete tu...
                                               NaN
Céleste, la trentaine, n'a toujours pas rencont...
The Seven Dwarves live deep within a female-fre...
Jesus of Nazareth’s life and ministry were subj...
A crippled puppeteer rescues an abused young bo...
Robert wanted an escape from the big city. He t...
Bobby is a gay man in the closet in 2003, afrai...
A teen and his friends get into trouble for van...
Four friends, annoyed at how almost everyone el...
A female scientist performs experiments on thre...
It's prom night and the kids of Hoover High wil...
Condor Skyways has found a way to give passenge...
Eight different people are invited to their 10-...
The 12 years old well-bred Lonnie meets the imp...
The Vixens are coming! They've landed on earth ...
A married college professor decides to seduce h...
Charlie Harrison dreams of being a rock star an...
School nerd Bill just wants to save the world a...
A teenage boy takes a job as a counselor at a s...
Evil Nerd Menlo wants to get revenge on some su...
The director of a failing summer camp decides t...
Steve is a college freshman who plays tennis fo...
Gorp is a delighfully silly send up of summer c...
Two college student decide to go spend some qua...
Tim and David want to have fun during vacation ...
A young man with Tourette's Syndrome embarks on...
Greed, lust, dirty tricks and bloody fist fight...
A Canadian sex comedy about saving a summer cam...
Margo, Kelly, and CeCe have three things in com...
After inheriting a failing bikini shop, two rec...
Belka, the amazing flying dog is unexpectedly h...
To prove his independence, a cocky teenager bet...
A group of teenage summer campers and one couns...
Summer Sunday at a small beach house at the coa...
A sex "comedy" is about a virgin named Freddie ...
Twenty years after his teenage crush on a footb...
Chilly is just a guy from the streets with a ta...
                                               NaN
Cash McCall is a 1960 movie starring James Garn...
In Vietnam, 1954, a French platoon isolated beh...
The story of two guys and two girls who meet an...
Can a squad of misfit cheerleaders with an over...
Three young women looking for adventure get job...
A group of friends start a rock band, but as th...
After five failed attempts to go to the United ...
                   Comedy about a voyeur teenager.
An unimpressive, boring high-school geek is bit...
Cindy Cathcart is a student out of place at an ...
A Boston police detective investigates a series...
A group of female friends get together with som...
A strange man named Karl Rhamarevich dies short...
The third installment of the Sarah trilogy prov...
The young but traveled Ana arrives in a manor i...
The story follows five disparate high school st...
This is the story of young Tony Cannelloni as h...
The only thing keeping Billy Batson from the gi...
Melinda comes to Washington DC to visit her fri...
In an old Hollywood mansion, the spirit of an o...
It is the final weekend of summer and a group o...
A young film student pursues a woman while stud...
Sam, Trish, Beth, and Annie are four Valley Gir...
A family is torn apart during the American Civi...
Jeb Maynard is a patrolman guarding the U.S.-Me...
Seven teenagers are stalked by a murderous clow...
Bound by a shared destiny, a bright, optimistic...
Dead Girls is a horror anthology featuring thre...
Recluse Smith (Sam Neill) is drawn into a revol...
Two crooks are hired to rob an eccentric old la...
                                               NaN
A former child art prodigy and second generatio...
The elections are approaching and the largest o...
A woman leaves her seaside hometown to search f...
An intimate portrait of five ballerinas from th...
                                               NaN
Jimmy, Mary and Makis are three people living t...
A French teacher in a small Algerian village du...
The story of the gold-plated statuette that bec...
Armi Ratia is the woman behind the legendary de...
Dock Ellis pitched a no-hitter on LSD, then wor...
Somewhat based on Desmond Morris's fascinating ...
                                               NaN
                                               NaN
                                               NaN
Right after getting engaged, a man starts takin...
                                               NaN
Ketty,a photographer living in Rome,accidentall...
A look at the feud between graffiti artists Kin...
After learning her boyfriend (Harmon) cheated o...
Two punks from the big city, traveling across t...
In the shadowy world of drone warfare, combat u...
Premutos is the first of the fallen Angels, eve...
A young foot soldier in the yakuza seeks reveng...
After her stay-at-home husband leaves her, a wo...
An aspiring actress gets a housesitting job and...
The relationship of a couple who meet by chance...
Housewife Grace Needham (Nastassja Kinski) has ...
Claire is under the grip of a mysterious new cu...
Over-imaginative 12 year-old Sam heads off to t...
Fed up with being censored in their post-Traile...
Jon is a troubled teenager who has been expelle...
Eugene is a small town barber, beloved by the l...
Documentary about Svetlana Geier, a Ukranian wh...
Businessman Wesley Deeds is jolted out of his s...
A documentary biopic about Eric Kandel, Nobel P...
A former narcotics trafficker now living peacea...
Maryann moves in with her grandparents after sh...
Directed by Arto Tuohimaa, the film closely fol...
An aged Kung Fu practitioner travels across Chi...
Paranoia forces small-time scam artist Marty to...
Trevor Newandyke is a struggling comedian. Not ...
Security guard Paul Blart is headed to Las Vega...
A geneticist wakes up from an accident with onl...
MINE is the powerful story about the essential ...
Lieutenant John Paxton wants revenge against th...
A disturbing psychological thriller, that engag...
Benjamin Garcia, Benny is deported from the Uni...
Akari Yoshiyama is graduating high school soon ...
The Documentary takes an unconventional journey...
A young, hipster entrepreneur crashes and burns...
An untold side of the Israeli- Palestinian Conf...
An english tv-team discovers a special white fl...
The interwoven stories of three couples which a...
Michel, a murderous womanizer, meets introverte...
The story of an indigenous who gave his life fo...
This portrait of Hilary Knight, the artist behi...
The life of peaceful rancher John Benedict is t...
A film about Finnish artist Kalervo Palsa who w...
Sylvia West (Carroll Baker) may not be who she ...
Qhapaq Ñan, known as the Great Inca Road, is an...
It's hard, in the year 2001, to remember what p...
A race-car driver must elude the police and two...
A repressed young wife's traumatic sexual assau...
A famed jewel thief named Rochard is slashed to...
Valentina, a beautiful fashion model, takes an ...
When his partner is killed, tough Irish detecti...
Jail house tensions mount as a killer's executi...
Rider Kelly Cobb travels to county rodeos to wi...
The baron's grandson rents the family castle to...
A crooked detective masterminds a robbery then ...
Rebel. Icon. Legend. James Dean’s untimely deat...
While at an amusement park, trying vainly to fo...
A telling of the story of the famous U.S. aviat...
Andy's gone and done it this time. All set to g...
Restored to former glory, a nostalgic cruise sh...
Jack is the sole survivor of a Japanese attack ...
Lawmen, drifters, and hired guns converge at a ...
An aging King invites disaster when he abdicate...
King Lear, old and tired, divides his kingdom a...
Mexican gunfighter Dave Robles outdraws the tow...
Miranda is a sensual tavern owner with a taste ...
"Muffin Top: A Love Story" is the story of Suza...
In New York City sometime in the near future, Z...
It all begins with a mistake, an error with ser...
A little girl named Cathy tries to keep her mot...
The child-duo Rico and Oskar, one of them is qu...
                                               NaN
A theatrical producer puts aside his own succes...
Charleen is 15, melodramatic, mega depressed, a...
A man buys a house and comes to believe that no...
A genetically re-engineered dog develops a psyc...
A talented but irresponsible violinist ruins hi...
Nicholas Jarecki follows director James Toback ...
'Unhappy women are being murdered by Emile, a p...
A gambling boss is pressured by the law and pre...
Josephine Spiggins is thinking of marrying John...
Based on the case of young New Yorker Etan Patz...
At last! The newly crowned King of Denmark, Edw...
Today, one third of Brazilian children are over...
                                               NaN
Count Yorga continues to prey on the local comm...
The story of a small-town football star, who de...
When Henry Jekyll's experiments with cocaine ha...
Despite being blocked at almost every turn in p...
Charlie, a 17-year-old girl tortured by doubt, ...
I Am Soldier follows Mickey Tomlinson (Tom Hugh...
The Sequel to the Ford brothers The Dead. The a...
A drama set during World War II where a submari...
Sisters Alex and Madison are whisked away to th...
The only thing James wants is to remain away fr...
An adaptation of Raymond Khoury's novel about a...
After a Soviet space station crashes into a New...
A young trumpeter rises through the jazz world ...
During their search for a habitable planet the ...
A woman, stacked against all odds, manages to n...
Based on the wraparound story penned by Clive B...
A Japanese police unit who use giant anthropomo...
Get ready to blast off to an out-of-this-world ...
A young man Kentaro Saeki (Haruma Miura) keeps ...
It all happened in one of the safest Somniupoli...
Based on the epic graphic novel by John Bergin,...
A new film about Erwin Rommel has been shown on...
                                               NaN
A mysterious warrior teams up with the daughter...
Artfully directed by award-winning filmmakers R...
The film mainly follows the famous 1597 Battle ...
Tucker is a chronic underachiever and a loser. ...
Zandy Allan purchases a mail-order bride, Hanna...
Cisco is an ex-rock star who has become a drug ...
A riot in a state prison is staged to cover up ...
A playboy golf pro down is on his luck. Kicked ...
A boarding-school girl (Pamela Sue Martin) come...
Dae-gil has been skilled with his hands and has...
A ghost called Vita Frun (White Lady) is accuse...
A trio of robbers, two brothers and their twist...
One summer morning, 12-year-old Arnold Hillerma...
The celebrated heart surgeon Dr. Vrain supports...
    Gerard is dealing with an unwanted sex change.
Laura sees a shooting star falling to earth and...
WWE Superstar Mike "The Miz" Mizanin returns as...
Babar is a young elephant in the great forest. ...
A movie about human beings who are addicted to ...
The lives of a young couple intertwine with a m...
A stranger in the increasingly strange city of ...
FIVE DANCES, written and directed by Alan Brown...
The selfish Dr. André Luiz dies and awakes in t...
Prostitute Sugar is set up by a corrupt politic...
J.P. Tannen (Jon Voight) wants a second chance ...
Serge Morgan is a killer working for the Americ...
A high-rolling corporate shark and his impoveri...
Mr. Normall adventuring space and time and othe...
The Xbox Originals documentary that chronicles ...
                                               NaN
Teenage Sascha has two dreams: to write a novel...
                                               NaN
The story of five girls and one epic night. The...
A hilarious underworld gangster known as Munna ...
A newborn monkey and its mother struggle to sur...
An elderly woman dies in a hospital in Stockhol...
Returning to his homeland after years of slaver...
Many years ago, hundreds of locals and tourists...
This first feature film from Indian playwright ...
Dr. Clive Riordan's beautiful-but-flirty wife, ...
Filling the giant screen with stunning time-lap...
Zeus, a Labrador Retriever and a former police ...
Elli (Heidi Lindén) is a biology student who li...
In August, 1991, Estonia reclaims its independe...
After 29-year-old Adaline recovers from a nearl...
A professional poker player falls deep into und...
In this crazy, chaotic gospel of chance, aspiri...
Bolívar was instrumental in Latin America’s str...
The story of Charlie Darby, who has everything ...
An hour long discussion on the philosophical co...
An up-close and personal examination of the lif...
When Khosrow Vaziri became the World Wrestling ...
An ageing rock star decides to change his life ...
In the near future, an out-of-control military ...
Social satire based on the best-seller by Adele...
Elaine and Ed Kendall have more than their shar...
Hey, Boo explores the life of reclusive author ...
Taking place between the events of Halo 4 and H...
Kimberly will stop at nothing to have a child o...
Wes Keller is a young man living in a world whe...
Eugenie, an innocent young woman, is taken to a...
Based on Ivan Turgenev's novella, Erste Liebe i...
There are many great chefs around the world. On...
The sweet and perky Barbara, the sunny Janis, a...
An American photographer (Mimsy Farmer) and a S...
A gang of vicious young punks break into the ho...
A murdered couple return from the beyond to car...
Carrie is a big-city teenager whose life is tur...
16 year old Jessica Burns has a secret that she...
Self-described misanthrope Elle Reid has her pr...
Franck and Simon are both good cops. They work ...
A young couple's marriage is jeopardized by the...
Reggie Miller single-handedly crushed the heart...
In 1982, Raiders owner Al Davis beat the NFL in...
Fantasy Sports is estimated to be a $4 billion ...
            Documentary about the Detroit Pistons.
Director Gotz Spielmann follows his acclaimed t...
Set in 1934 Siam, the story involves a young pr...
This dark comedy is set in Dunedin, New Zealand...
Several roasters, and the master himself Kevin ...
"Chris Marshall met the girl he was going to ki...
A misfit group of New Mexico cowboys find thems...
Rune Ballot is a down-and-out teen prostitute i...
        Third film of the Mardock Scramble series.
                                          Released
The Stevens think that they've won an all-expen...
In 2007 Queens Park Rangers, a small Football C...
June 14, 1941, 3 a.m. Over 40000 people from Es...
The children of "Happy Valley" were victimized ...
Today in the United States, by the simple acts ...
The re-imagining of VE Day in 1945, when Prince...
Contaminated by a nuclear-plant spill, an Austr...
At a Catholic public school, Benjamin Stanfield...
The fanclub of a deceased Japanese idol gather ...
                                               NaN
On his 50th birthday, a man who's been watching...
Robot prostitute Malice@Doll roams a deserted c...
A young woman experiences the worst life has to...
In Frederic Tcheng’s masterful documentary, one...
THE WALKING DECEASED is the Scary Movie of the ...
Based on the groundbreaking, cult classic anime...
Magic Beyond Words: The J.K. Rowling Story is a...
h)ac(k)tivist-noun: a person who uses technolog...
Preparing to sprinkle fairy dust across America...
Investigative reporter Nicola Wilson is determi...
An ancient myth of a massive creature sparks th...
Zarina, a smart and ambitious dust-keeper fairy...
Ben, who dreamed of himself as a comic in New Y...
In Tokyo, the new type of virus called Emanon h...
Two rival "brothers-in-law" make a bet that the...
Giant robots from Venus invade Chicago. Strande...
Battling insomnia and undiagnosed PTSD, a war v...
A lonely boy wins over his distant father and s...
Before eleven years old Tilda's parents can put...
In this direct-to-video sequel to Pokémon: The ...
Crazed members of a sadistic family return to t...
Lopitos, who is horribly inefficient but quick-...
Gotham City is under siege by a series of bizar...
Beautiful aspiring rock star Jude is stuck in a...
A 34 year old single woman, Nancy, hung-over ag...
At 165 pounds, and allegedly made from the skin...
A twelve years old girl Lena who has come to li...
Documentary that takes a behind the scenes tour...
Tis the season for making dreams true. If every...
George Harland and his daughter Pat are photogr...
A successful London ad-exec hires a beautiful H...
                                No overview found.
Both up-roaringly funny and unerringly cautiona...
Madge Winton (Marion Davies), a beautiful secre...
Rock singer John Mellencamp makes his screen an...
Can a couple keep important secrets from Commun...
When Scottish young gentleman David Balfour's f...
The true-life story of a mother who overcame an...
A witch put to death in 1692 swears vengeance o...
In this musical-comedy, Dean Martin plays an Am...
Also released as Valley of the Swords, this lug...
A man (Robert Walker) has an affair with his co...
Five college pals head out of town for a fun we...
A group of US Marines are sent to rescue captur...
The Strike Force team is back in this action-pa...
A reporter follows the story of a gangster (Ant...
A business man buys a house, but he has a hard ...
A comely collegian (Clara Bow) falls for an ant...
An ex-football brute (Anthony Quinn) and his be...
The daughter of a dead magician who accidentall...
Mimi is a Sicilian dockworker who loses his job...
A group of immigrants from the south of Italy l...
Lizzy (Candice Bergen), a liberated American ph...
Titina Paterno, a widow in a small coastal town...
The film is a tale of a strange rich woman who ...
The Oystermen of Pointe a la Hache, Louisiana. ...
In this sequel to The Doberman Gang, Three men ...
It's always a good day for a funeral at St. Mar...
A priest returns to his old Catholic high schoo...
Penetrating the oil industry's secretive world,...
A couple decides to spend a romantic evening in...
In the aftermath of a massive earthquake in Cal...
Minnesota, 1990. Detective Bruce Kenner investi...
A year in the life of Alice Klieg, a woman with...
Runyonesque crooks on the lam hide out on blind...
Gang Bullets was one of a myriad of late-1930s ...
Also known as The Sinner on UK VHS, this one co...
In May 1943, two American soldiers, Joe and Fra...
Edmund Purdom narrates a pseudo-documentary abo...
Chuck Scott gets a job as chauffeur to tough gu...
A beautiful woman who lives on an island with h...
A gritty crime story involving a newspaper man ...
Robbie is a rich and wealthy man who is married...
Frank Johnson, sole witness to a gangland murde...
Young engineer Francesco Ferraro (Enzo Bottesin...
This film tells the story of a customs and trea...
A life-long criminal continues his practice of ...
Bradamante, a woman wearing an invincible suit ...
Actor Walter Matthau directed his first and onl...
This harrowing tale of survival centers on Rose...
The Impossible Hour is a concentrated study of ...
The images from the Tour de France in the telev...
Testament of Youth is a powerful story of love,...
It's James Franco's turn to step in to the cele...
A judge falls from the roof of the Federal Cour...
A documentary view of the Basque ball-game in w...
Three thugs commandeer a couple of cars on a mo...
PBS series documentary based on a book of the s...
Nine filmmakers each profile a young girl from ...
Director Bud Clayman documents his struggle wit...
When a stranger, Thaddeus, is found badly wound...
Emmanuelle and her architect husband continue t...
In order to escape from her former lover Marc, ...
Emmanuelle, the sexiest woman in the world, end...
Journey with Emmanuelle and the world's most ex...
In her first onscreen adventure, journalist/pho...
Emanuelle is sent to Bangkok on a journalism as...
An American journalist travels throughout the w...
While doing undercover work in a mental hospita...
Famous undercover journalist Emanuelle teams wi...
Emanuelle goes undercover into a prison to expo...
Franco Sereni, a captain of carabiniers, is dis...
Major Paolo Altieri of the Paratroopers Corps f...
An insane scientist doing experimentation in gl...
There's a'doin's transpirin' at the Old Dark Ma...
The story of a young. beautiful and very frustr...
Inderjit Bansal comes from a wealthy family. Hi...
"The Reality" as described by the film's taglin...
Ajay Rathore is a no-nonsense police officer fr...
Documentary about the life of Yogananda, who br...
In 2010, the media branded a platoon of U.S. Ar...
Based on the literary classic by Thomas Hardy, ...
For Shirin, being part of a perfect Persian fam...
As she and her family embark on a short vacatio...
A man lives in his car. He’s 40 and separated f...
A desperate man (Luis Bermejo) blackmails a men...
Americas foremost humorist and commentator, Gar...
Thunder, an abandoned young cat seeking shelter...
Hyeong-Do (So Ji-Sub) is an assassin for a comp...
In late summer of 2011, five young friends on a...
Captured international assassins are locked up ...
After crossing the border illegally for work, M...
Abandoned by his mother shortly after immigrati...
Marc, in his 40s, is a professor of literature ...
Vanessa gets a dose of reality when Philip, her...
A sudden and mysterious inheritance brings Dann...
Diabolik was the "Genius of Crime", Kriminal wa...
Three enemy agents lead a government security m...
The British Secret Service sends agent 006 (Alb...
                      Temple of the White Elephant
The king of Nogara dies, leaving behind a will ...
Caterina finds out that her husband Peter Tzar ...
Three college students, another couple, their h...
Sick young man drives around in his daddy's cam...
A group of unlikely companions receive a radio ...
A tale that takes place at the dawn of history....
Brothers Till We Die (Italian: La banda del gob...
A story of how World War II affected the lives ...
This is probably the best example of a 70's Ita...
Free Hand for a Tough Cop (Italian: Il trucido ...
Inspector Betti (Maurizio Merli) is transferred...
A tough, violent cop who doesn't mind bending t...
A biker's brother is killed while investigating...
When a crook gets framed as a drug kingpin, the...
A Milan pimp faces off against a ruthless and g...
As a thirteen year old, Martha Caldwell witness...
A photographer in the rain forest is captured b...
A woman, a survivor of a failed murder attempt ...
Two young sexually free hippies, Dick (Ray Love...
A race-car driver who's down on her luck is inv...
Kathryn West, a glamorous American widow, arriv...
At the end of the Civil War, Jim Slade, a young...
Ringo comes to a Mexican village, searching for...
Nebraska Clay kills a gang of outlaws in self-d...
Franco (Dean Stratford) decides to kill his gir...
Germantown and Martin Luther King High Schools ...
An unlikely friendship between 2 young men beco...
When a group of friends come across an abandone...
A ransom scheme turns into a nightmare for a gr...
In her first animated musical featuring seven o...
Elina is a flower fairy who discovers that her ...
Barbie comes to life in her third animated movi...
Barbie is Kara - a modern-day princess with a n...
This movie stars Barbie as a teenage girl, tryi...
Barbie stars as Blair Willows, a kind-hearted g...
It's the ultimate fairytale musical! Barbie sta...
Get ready for Barbie: A Fairy Secret, an amazin...
King Randolph sends for his cousin Duchess Rowe...
Tori is a blonde princess who is bored of livin...
Liana and Alexa (Barbie and Teresa) are best fr...
Barbie stars as Merliah, a surfing champion fro...
Barbie plays Rosella in this new musical film. ...
Surf's up for Barbie as she returns as Merliah,...
Join Barbie™ as Corinne™, a young country girl ...
Dance your way to a magical adventure with Barb...
On Christmas Eve, Kelly is reluctant to go to a...
Barbie plays Lumina, a mermaid girl with the po...
Mariposa and her furry friend Zee returns in Ba...
Meet a tiny girl named Thumbelina who lives in ...
Elina goes to a fairy school to learn dancing a...
In this animated follow-up to Fairytopia, Elina...
Long, long ago, in a time of magic and dragons,...
Princess Annika (Barbie) escapes the clutches o...
Barbie and her sisters set off on a Swiss adven...
Elina, heroine of the Fairytopia films tells he...
Barbie and her band, The Rockers preform a char...
Den lunefulde og overforkælede prinsesse af Ill...
                               The Key to Paradise
Summer in Tyrol (Danish: Sommer i Tyrol) is a 1...
The whole Bélier family is deaf, except for six...
When ambitious CCT exec Will Patterson uncovers...
An assassin teams up with a woman to help her f...
Sherlock Holmes is, without doubt, the most fam...
A day in the life of several prostitutes in an ...
Doug Stanhope has been a stand-up comic since 1...
Recorded in an abandoned factory in the Grünerl...
Named after Hitler's failed coup attempt, Beer ...
Standup special filmed live at the Palace of Fi...
Mod rockers the Who are captured live by direct...
It's a night of comic anarchy as 15 of today's ...
Nurick and Yaroslav are trying to robe a crimin...
During a summer stay on the mainland, Tinker Be...
A Japanese skier tries to fulfill his dream of ...
After the death of his girlfriend, Travis, a th...
Academy Award winner Morgan Freeman (“Million D...
Billy, after shooting down land baron William D...
A sewerage worker's dead body is found inside a...
In The Secret Lives of Dorks, Payton (Gaelan Co...
After a stroke leaves her husband disabled and ...
Two men meet in the ring for a fight that will ...
Renowned journalist Torgny Segerstedt declares ...
The birth of modern stand-up comedy began in th...
Adapted from the 1951 non-fiction account by ps...
Call + Response is a first of its kind feature ...
Jochem is the target of bullying. David does no...
In England, the Pakistanis Yasmin lives two liv...
On a freezing January evening, school bus drive...
Charlie Bubbles, a writer, up from the working ...
Bold &amp; candid, One Little Pill will reveal ...
The Last Straw is a film documenting the very l...
Hongi, a Maori chieftain’s teenage son, must av...
Raging Grannies is a touching and thought-provo...
Meryl Streep stars as Ricki Rendazzo, a guitar ...
Paris, April 1994. Young freelance journalist A...
Back Issues is the definitive documentary of po...
Over the past two years, Chimerica Media have b...
After freak climate and weather events destroy ...
A documentary about the history of American dep...
A repressed young woman develops a fascination ...
In the 1980s, ruthless Colombian cocaine barons...
The story of Walter L. Shaw, a telecommunicatio...
Tar Creek is an environmentally devastated area...
When a financially suffering town turns to an u...
A film about the world's most dedicated Star Wa...
It's an invasion of the most personal and terri...
Documentary covering the end of an era as Polar...
In an attempt to save his village from being ta...
Socalled, aka Josh Dolgin, is the most supreme ...
For three weeks in September 2008, one person w...
An exposé on how the government has allow U.S. ...
A look at the global sushi phenomenon and how t...
Are the medicines and every day products we use...
The September 11th attacks began a decade-long ...
The Fruit Hunters explores the little known sub...
Hosted by twice Oscar nominated actor and activ...
In the 19th century, siblings Abilene and Tod, ...
The story of legendary New York City disc jocke...
The military's attempt to shoot down an orbitin...
This powerful film odyssey across America explo...
The chance to shine in a singing competition of...
Athens 1966. Dimitris, 13, unexpectedly loses h...
Exactly 100 years after the Armenian Genocide, ...
A spiritual search for answers leads the filmma...
A reporter's (Johnny Downs) girlfriend's (Anne ...
A mother travels cross-country to California to...
The behind-the-scenes true life story of a grou...
A rare gem of cinematic storytelling that weave...
Director 'Nicholas Ray' is eager to complete a ...
Wim Wenders talks with Japanese fashion designe...
Meet the dirtiest cop in NYC history. Michael D...
A crook named Ostap Bender, who survived a murd...
On the edge of a crumbling city, 11-year-old Al...
LFO is a dark comedy/drama/Sci-Fi about a man w...
A young student falls into a hopeless romantic ...
In 1931 budding author Christopher Isherwood go...
A small time hood smuggles drugs from Turkey to...
No movie overview available, please add one at ...
A search and rescue team are transported throug...
College friends Devin, Jack, Shelly, Kristy, Sh...
Documentary looking back at the career of the p...
Spain, 1950s. Montse's agoraphobia keeps her lo...
Lovell Milo is a man who begins experiencing hi...
Shirley has left the big city to live in a smal...
A road trip to Kolkata brings Piku, an architec...
When her parents' financial problems threaten A...
                The life and times of Tommy Cooper
A drama centered on an 11-year-old Chechnyan re...
An inventive and resourceful cocaine smuggler d...
Horror anthology consisting of three episodes d...
A knight returns home from the Crusades only to...
A documentary about the myth of clean coal. The...
Barnum the musical traces Phineas Taylor Barnum...
Directed by Matt Walsh, a co-founding member of...
Although Alexia, Franco's ex-girlfriend, has be...
Luokkakokous is a story about three men that tr...
The Bellas are back, and they are better than e...
Rambling chatter about Philip K Dick, best know...
                                               NaN
The plot revolves around the return of a Spanis...
Relations between the students and the new teac...
Most Americans have never stepped foot on a far...
This character-driven film considers the evolvi...
A decade after a disastrous meteor impact wipes...
A Roman nobleman, Horatius leads an imperial le...
Little Rita has a dream: she dreams of a better...
A mysterious gunfighter named Django is employe...
One of the most ambitious spaghetti westerns, T...
The story in short: Some kind of evil people, h...
An adaptation of the classic, "The Prince and t...
The crew of a space ship confronts an evil gala...
Robert Wallace travels to Hong Kong to bust a g...
Gangster Tony Gardner (George Ardisson) receive...
Three superheroes attempt to reclaim the stolen...
                                               NaN
Engineer Zilov, having woken up, finds the fune...
Wajda's homage to Zbigniew Cybulski, the "Polis...
Story of the adventures of three young men from...
Pensioners, lawyers, married couples and teenag...
A young couple decide to live together and they...
Lawyer Ralph Anderson arrives in Tula, an amazi...
When Larry Larkin's comic strip needs some fres...
Noon is a gunfighter who has become amnesiac. H...
Washed-up agent John Craig is given the task of...
Three British soldiers and their German captive...
Un Buda follows two brothers orphaned as childr...
Welcome to the monotonous, oppressive modern Am...
Towing a submerged torpedo in the wake of their...
Ted Morgan has been treading water for most of ...
                                               NaN
A street-gang leader challenges a handsome youn...
A young widower moves with his daughter into a ...
Based on a novel by Mordecai Richler, allegedly...
An impressionable young man finds himself liter...
An insecure Briton and a Briton of Jamaican des...
James Mason and John Mills star in this comedy-...
Macbeth, loyal to his crime boss, Duncan, is to...
                                No overview found.
A mysterious tomb is unearthed in the catacombs...
On the surface a straightforward tale of the se...
An escaped convict is out to kill the judge who...
Members of a municipal band, Stanley and Oliver...
Two brothers get into a sudden tragic accident ...
A nine-year-old boy’s preening obsession with s...
The story of legendary blues performer, Bessie ...
Theo, Marite, and Franz cannot make any money s...
The story of families living in barracks, left ...
A working-class boy struggles to find himself t...
Iverson is the ultimate legacy of NBA legend Al...
Maria and Tom are in their thirties and have be...
Steve Grey, reporter for the Daily Star, has a ...
A lonely war veteran psychologically unravels a...
                                               NaN
          A tramp finds a gun lying in the street.
A prim psychology professor fights to hide a mu...
Set during the American Civil War, Keenan stars...
A child of rape tracks down his villainous biol...
Frontier peacekeeper Sheriff Galt (Sterling Hay...
A small town politician, kept from marrying the...
A lion trapper and his daughter rendezvous with...
Documentary made by the U.S. Army Signal Corps ...
A documentary about the English alternative roc...
In 1950s New York, a department-store clerk who...
Dubbed “The Cannibal Cop,” former NYPD officer ...
Walter Speckman is a nobody, until one day he i...
El Medico has to decide between doing his duty ...
Mr. Hoppy is a shy old man who lives alone in a...
A story about one team that decides to follow a...
A closeted gay man's attempt to "act straight" ...
Gang of bikers try to save people in a mining d...
Feature-length documentary film featuring real-...
Code Black follows a team of young, idealistic ...
Starting as a passion project, this movie launc...
The dinosaurs didn't go completely extinct when...
I told you all I was going to be No. 1, and I d...
An original documentary which follows three fam...
In China to donate his kidney to his dying niec...
A documentary on comic strips, with never-seen-...
Lucia (40) is a wilful nurse, risen up from a s...
Raje Bauji is a man in his late fifties, living...
Gulaal is set in Rajpur a fictional city of Raj...
Under torture, Indian gangster Tiger Memon (Pav...
When cattle mysteriously start dying of anthrax...
Gang-pae is #2 gangster in his organization who...
Unlike most gangs, the ButterCream gang does go...
"For Love or Money" is based on a novel by Zhan...
Newly arrived to a remote desert town, Catherin...
Anatoli Yefremovich Novoseltsev works in a stat...
Backwater is doomed by the regular visits of th...
This is the second silent (save for a song) sla...
Garpastum is a Latin word meaning ball game. Se...
César Borgnoli, an unsuccessful car salesman fr...
Nationally acclaimed evangelist John Luther is ...
The film follows a student, Vivian (Alexis Knap...
Family - In this family tale based on a true st...
Psychotic Angela is itching to do what she does...
When two bus crash survivors awake to discover ...
The priest Mario Pantaleo discovers he has some...
For two years, filmmaker and music video direct...
As artists and visual architects, husband and w...
The picture is about youth of 1960, its ideals,...
In 1953, the year Stalin died, many prisoners (...
A storry about a friendship between two very di...
Two hoboes strike on a get-rich quick scheme to...
Seven years on from the events of Monsters, and...
There are worlds, there are humans and there ar...
Surrounded by the eccentric faculty of Truman H...
A group of young drifters kidnap wealthy busine...
Are government surveillance cameras intended to...
In 1944, in eastern part of China, U.S.Army Maj...
When a family of swans make their home on the P...
Amar and Prem are two rivals who belonging to m...
Baburao is a landlord in India, who is very nea...
In a dystopian near future, single people, acco...
Following the murder of hotel heir Ben Novack J...
Upon moving into a bigoted neighborhood, the sc...
A group of friends at a Jerusalem retirement ho...
Set amidst the 1999 student strikes in Mexico C...
There's a deadly zombie epidemic threatening hu...
Siberia 1953: Ilsa is now working in a Gulag pr...
A nurse in a Japanese women's POW camp during W...
A wealthy, decadent count convinces a disillusi...
After a near death experience, five Boys, all d...
An uptight by-the-book cop must protect the wid...
When Suzy arrives in London to visit an old sch...
In the Old West, a 17-year-old Scottish boy tea...
A man attempts to reclaim the life that prison ...
From a torturous cell in Africa, Abel Powell is...
Meet the Mormons examines the very diverse live...
A horror-thriller in which a doctor and his tee...
Malarek is a film directed by Roger Cardinal in...
The Mars Underground is a landmark documentary ...
An undercover cop teams up with a martial-arts ...
A lonely and emotionally neglected rich kid for...
This documentary follows 10 contestants as they...
Phil, Melissa, Mitch, Mary, and Vinnie are high...
Taking inspiration from The Human Centipede fil...
Mikey just needs a good stable home. He's bounc...
When a cop-killer goes free, a detective's sear...
Lady X is a woman who works during the day as a...
A group of student activists travel from New Yo...
When fans cannot get close to the real thing, t...
A movie created from "found footage" of a lost ...
Biopic about the great college football coach P...
Laban Feather brews Tennessee moonshine with hi...
Cascia, 14th century, Rita Liotti falls in love...
It is not easy to be an albino in Tanzania. Whi...
Semi-autobiographical story of Conrad Rooks, wh...
Every story needs a brave and trustworthy guide...
Three sisters (Sister and the Sisters) from Har...
In one of the most extraordinary nights in the ...
Southern Rites visits Montgomery County, Ga., o...
A 16-year-old international assassin yearning f...
During a handover to the head of counter-terror...
Seven mini-stories of adultery: "Funeral Posses...
Fleeing from the Russian secret police, a young...
Gianni is sixty. He is retired but has not beco...
The story of the desperate love affair between ...
The time of the French revolution, and Citizen ...
The story of Bendegúz, the teenage boy who neve...
The story of a destiny. Suzanne's and her famil...
Drop out of school to ride with the Merry Prank...
The film shadows Justin Peck, wunderkind choreo...
In this 1976 Australian made retelling of The W...
Twice-orphaned Jace, a seven-year-old Albanian ...
Jr. High School Student Wataru and his friends ...
A sex scandal that shook Massachusetts prep sch...
A luminously beautiful biopic of the celebrated...
The fish stays...the marriage goes! A comedy ab...
In this episode captain Drummond tries to find ...
Capt. (ret.) Hugh “Bulldog” Drummond is on the ...
Bulldog Drummond goes up against foreign agents...
Captain Drummond and his girlfriend want to mar...
Drummond, his girlfriend and his butler try to ...
Drummond's girlfriend has been kidnapped for re...
The dapper British sleuth (John Howard) beats a...
In this 1967 drama, resourceful British agent B...
A series of unexplainable accidents befall the ...
The year is 2047.  Our planet is ruled by the r...
A female CIA agent is assigned to train and lea...
Deep Web gives the inside story of one of the t...
It is a story of 4 friends - Dev, Gaurav, Adity...
Italy is usually cited as the anchor of the neo...
On Any Sunday, The Next Chapter” is an explorat...
Set in the 1930s, an American with a scandalous...
Buffalo Bill and Wild Bill Hickok join forces t...
After World War I, a war hero returns to Berlin...
When a 747 crashes shortly after take-off, the ...
14 year old Allison has to go to a horse farm. ...
In Los Angeles a deadly plague called the 'Pand...
In "Shakedown," Howard Duff plays a photographe...
A ruthless opportunist climbs his way up the bu...
Cat and Gene have been divorced for several yea...
A beautiful lonely girl named Melissa tries to ...
A journalist starts an investigation into the d...
When an out of work actress unexpectedly lands ...
Bumbling navy officer Lieutenant Humphrey Fairw...
It's Valentine's Day and Tomhas big plans. He's...
Ten years into a marriage, the wife is disappoi...
A reporter stumbles on a runaway heiress whose ...
Young and beautiful girl (Anna Sten), lives nea...
A couple facing marital problems after losing t...
A silent comedy about a Southern teen who, sent...
A film adaptation of Gu Man's popular novel of ...
Havoc in Heaven, also known as Uproar in Heaven...
A young writer begins an affair with an older w...
Ethan Hawke directs this intimate documentary p...
OPEN SECRET chronicles Steve Lickteig's 20-year...
Powerful supernatural forces are unleashed when...
An adaptation of Jon Krakauer's best selling bo...
Cop's Honor (Parole de Flic) is a 1985 French c...
Bank teller Vince Grayson wakes from a nightmar...
This melodrama revolves around the post-war mee...
The 1975 film by Georgi Daneliya "Afonya" was a...
The film is about a group of people who in othe...
The heroes of the movie last seen each other on...
                                               NaN
An outspoken boy and a gunfighter-pimp save a d...
After robbing $500,000, the Jarret gang hides i...
A corrupt planetary federation…  The ultimate w...
A talented girl is trying to find happiness ami...
Ilya Semenovich Melnikov is a history teacher i...
Andrei Konchalovsky’s Uncle Vanya surely has th...
A former thief is released from a prison. He tr...
A film-in-film story set in a provincial town i...
Professor Sretenski is a scientist and director...
"I Am Walking Along Moscow" aka "Ya Shagayu Po ...
Benjamin, the local doctor is a soul of a local...
St. Petersburg, mid 19th century: the indolent,...
Romm's "Ordinary Fascism" pulls out all the sto...
A young writer brings a collection of short sto...
In nineteenth-century Russia, a teenage boy in ...
When he loses his position as a powerful govern...
Animated short based on the story of the same n...
The film is set during 1962 in Sevastopol, Crim...
In 1990s New York City, teen runaway Froggy is ...
                                               NaN
                                No overview found.
One (and not the most easy one) day from the li...
Ульяна Тулина необычный человек — во взрослом т...
In the tradition of Bruce Lee, Jackie Chan and ...
Two tramps wait for a man named Godot, but inst...
When a discredited L.A. Seismologist warns of a...
A new school teacher learns that the previous t...
A groups of astronauts crash-land on Venus and ...
Dr. Frankensteins' daughter, who is in love wit...
Two crooks looking out for a drug lord's love i...
An independent feature documentary about the ov...
During a manned mission to Mars, Astronaut Mark...
Young Jim Hawkins finds himself serving with pi...
Oliver! star Mark Lester undertook a change of ...
Brothers addicted to speed at any price. Docume...
A nurse living in small town goes on a blind da...
Vazhakku Enn 18/9 is a 2012 Tamil Crime Thrille...
The Last Man Alive Must Battle a Planet of the ...
A spaceship containing specimens for an interga...
Filmed for over a decade, MAGICAL UNIVERSE is a...
Concerning Violence is based on newly discovere...
During an unfortunate series of events, a frien...
Morgan is the inspiring story of Morgan Oliver,...
July 4, 1976, Entebbe, Uganda - Led by Lieutena...
The main hero of the film is an electrician wit...
In war torn Calcutta during the 1940's, Byomkes...
After his wife and son are killed, a young man ...
A soldier on vacation finds himself hunting dow...
The employees of a radio station in Moscow are ...
Set amid the European community in an unspecifi...
Paolo Mancuso is a gang boss whose rivals want ...
A very young Ornella Muti plays a rich girl who...
Agent Lemmy Logan is investigating the case of ...
German filmmaker Niko von Glasow embarks on a v...
On the way to his mother’s funeral, a detective...
At an exclusive boys' school, a new gym teacher...
A married, middle-aged woman is shocked to disc...
Near the end of the nineteenth century, as the ...
A Polish sailor and a young Welsh tomboy become...
YOUTH explores the lifelong bond between two fr...
Rock-and-roller Arnie Haynes returns to his hom...
A beautiful young woman snaps and kills a man s...
One of two young boys accidentally falls to his...
No Trees in the Street. Based on the play by Te...
An American businessman visiting Lisbon gets mi...
Wake Up Sid! is the story of a lazy Mumbai coll...
A police officer adopts the son and sole surviv...
Karan is a lazy good-for-nothing who lives on t...
This is all about chasing your dreams, no matte...
Sidharth (Aamir Khan), is a Mumbai 'Tapori' and...
A poor young woman, who dreams of Bollywood fam...
The Annunciation (in Hungarian: Angyali üdvözle...
Portrays the lives of nine desperate teenagers....
A Foreign Service Officer in London tries to pr...
A first-ever look at the realities of the profe...
A Soviet cruise ship "Evgeni Onegin" is carryin...
A philosophical and poetic portrait of the famo...
Standard boy-girl malt shoppe doings, with a fr...
                                               NaN
Lewis Collins is back to leading mercenaries on...
Cristina Carver (Angelica Maria) finds herself ...
A second generation cameraman in Australia find...
Thriller in Milan, Italy, where a serial killer...
A ragtag group of adventurers, including a form...
Tucked away in his castle, a hypochondriac inve...
The world's newest kung fu legend, Joe Lewis, t...
An abusive sexual relationship between a white ...
Wilbur Gray, a horror writer, has stumbled upon...
U.S geologist (Sam Waterston) discovers somethi...
Barry McKenzie's Aunt Edna is kidnapped by Coun...
A mad scientist (Donald Pleasence) crosses plan...
A young girl's brother comes home from the army...
Johnnie Byrne is a member of the British Parlia...
The efforts of test pilot John Mitchell to make...
A rich farmer is well known for being very unki...
                                               NaN
One hundred years of Hindi cinema is celebrated...
When U.S.-based Siddharth visits his Indian hom...
Babu Rao, Raju and Shyam, are living happily af...
Journalist Roma Singh is the daughter of a jail...
The politically influential Shankar Nagre agree...
Suryaveer Singh (Amitabh Bachchan) is a bitter ...
The authority of a man, who runs a parallel gov...
A man and woman from feuding families each pret...
Assistant Commissioner of Police (ACP) Malvika ...
The year is 1971 when the Pakistani Army is at ...
Pete and Ellen have reared Meg as their own, ev...
In 1942 the British ruled India, a time when pe...
TV reporter Shivajirao gets a chance to be the ...
After completing his studies in London, England...
​‘THE REDWOOD MASSACRE’ is about five adventuro...
A pragmatic PhD candidate must let go of her lo...
An innocent woman, accused of murdering her son...
The life of a student named Kanou is transforme...
A desk-bound CIA analyst volunteers to go under...
Taking place during the full-moon night of trad...
George Sanders stars in this engrossing melodra...
Journey into the secret world of Pixie Hollow a...
A fairy takes on human form and enters the life...
The unforgettable friendship between three peop...
Melody, 28 years old, a confused child born und...
Corruption, assassination and street rioting su...
The film shows the apparently intact world of a...
A German flight attendant's life spirals downwa...
Two old women who happen to be pickpockets stol...
A rancher vows revenge on the five men responsi...
Having thought that monogamy was never possible...
Sid Caesar is a bumbling gopher to a mob boss w...
A NYPD detective attempts to avenge the death o...
When Dawn, an overworked single mother, agrees ...
                                               NaN
Two not very clever young doctors open a fitnes...
A series of skits involving customers and store...
                                               NaN
3 episodes set in Monte Carlo. In the first one...
                                               NaN
A few funny little novels about different aspec...
                                               NaN
A few funny little novels about different aspec...
                                               NaN
A few funny little novels about different aspec...
                                               NaN
What a lovely surprise tells the story of Guido...
Two reckless friends Leonardo (Adriano Celentan...
                                               NaN
Pozzetto is a rich man obsessed by the idea of ...
                                               NaN
Antonio Barozzi moves from Lago Maggiore to Rom...
Augusto Valle is a successful young industriali...
                                      Italian film
                                               NaN
God and Satan are on a train discussing the fat...
One hundred years ago, an evil bonesetter was k...
The uncle of an executed murderess relates four...
                                               NaN
A teenage girl sets out on a sexual odyssey of ...
A girl arrives from London to visit her estrang...
A venereal disease turns an entire town of two-...
A small-time talent agent discovers an amazing ...
Teens P.J. and Goose get their thrills on BMX b...
In the distant future, a federation marshal arr...
TV MX, the most powerful Mexican Television Cor...
As a privileged teenager living in an affluent ...
In the spring of 1984, a strange new comic book...
Ringo the Rat (voice of Tom Arnold) and his pal...
A celebrated military contractor returns to the...
                                               NaN
The eccentric professor Collins lives completel...
Danko Babic is an ambitious and amoral gynaecol...
In January 1943 the German army, afraid of an A...
In the final days of Czarist Russia, a peasant ...
Three high school students that are under press...
A chronicle of the 1969 bombing at a major nati...
Here, the steel worker works on a continuous cy...
                                               NaN
Francesco Taramelli is a psychoanalyst who is d...
Three very different women who are hiding a sec...
                               2013 Italian comedy
The story of a father and a son. An on the road...
Checco, an uneducated but self-satisfied fellow...
After attending their friend Elise's (Sudano) w...
On the set of a playwright's new project, a lov...
The story is set in the backdrop of the slums o...
28 year old Enea is looking for love - physical...
Inspired by real events, this is a black comedy...
A band of female pirates go undercover at a pri...
Alejandra and her dad Roberto have just moved t...
It is the largest movement the world has ever s...
Over fifty very famous American and Canadian fu...
Gili is a teenager who decides to change school...
Estranged from her family, Franny returns home ...
A fearless sea captain, Dr. Rebecca Gomperts, s...
A documentary on filmmaker Marianna Palka, as s...
Macbeth meets the Godfather in present-day Bomb...
This intimately-constructed drama traces the co...
Set in the dark and old Parramatta prison built...
A concert film taken from two Rolling Stones co...
We’ve heard all the insane rumours and scandals...
Suzanne Simonin describes her life of suffering...
A group of sleepless nerds should be taken into...
In the follow-up of Estonian classics "Kevade" ...
                                               NaN
Semi-autobiographical story by Oskar Luts about...
Characters familiar from Kevade are now in thei...
A medieval love story with lots of adventures. ...
The ten minute short Tommy Tucker’s Tooth from ...
Instead of Wonderland, Alice visits the Walt Di...
                      No movie overview available.
Dragon Hill is a marvelous world where all drag...
The story follows a band of former Confederate ...
Arabella is a daughter of the world's most terr...
International Flight 42 is on course, when all ...
The main character, Helmi, is born into the hou...
A family film which tells the unlikely and time...
Magnus, a handsome teenager, wants to commit su...
The friends Ikko, Amalia, Babb, Murmel and Ling...
This time our already familiar family moves to ...
An exploration of the growing friendship betwee...
Due to a curse from his former master Profion, ...
A family comedy about a 7-year-old boy, who's a...
The elements that rule Earth - Air, Fire, Earth...
At an ever-accelerating pace, this thriller / d...
With a ticking bomb locked to his neck, a young...
                                               NaN
A group of friends in a Tel Aviv suburb get tog...
The frozen body of Paul Fournier is discovered ...
Robert is an architect and artist, in Vichy aft...
A psychological thriller set in the world of un...
Mysterious old solicitor Mr. Blunden visits Mrs...
Bomba decides to find out who his parents were....
Young Ivan Drago's newfound love of board games...
A yellow cab is driving through the vibrant and...
Mrs. Evie Teale is struggling to stay alive whi...
After being released from prison, con man Thurs...
Dennis O'Keefe, newly married to lovely Sheila ...
A bull terrier tells his life story, from the s...
A man revisits the previous significant girlfri...
This is the story of Mityo and his son Vasko, w...
Violent youth gangs and a police force way out ...
It's Charlie Sheen's turn to step in to the cel...
It's William Shatner's turn to step in to the c...
It's Donald Trump's turn to step in to the cele...
Interviews with T.J. Miller, Pete Holmes, Marc ...
Combining extensive filmmaker interviews and ra...
A dramatization of the Great Train Robbery. Whi...
A bomb dooms the first space satellite, manned ...
Michael 'Nuggin' Taylor and Powdah save lives d...
Barbara Stanwyck takes top-billing as Carolyn M...
One week into newlywed Teiko Uhara's marriage, ...
Charles Dobbs is a British secret agent investi...
In a complex piece of espionage the Russian sec...
After a hurricane levels his city, a young man ...
Trouble in suburbia: psychiatrist's teenage dau...
A buffalo hunter (Stewart Granger) has a fallin...
The last film of Andrzej Munk, who died in a cr...
When he learns of the death of his older brothe...
The men from U.N.C.L.E. are off to Africa to st...
A man who spent his formative years in prison f...
An artist (Dane Clark) follows a woman (Alexis ...
Charlie is a dope smuggler who lives on his own...
Huo An, the commander of the Protection Squad o...
An ex-army man, leading a double life in London...
London-based Luv Agnihotri decides to end his b...
'I hate luv storys' is the maxim Jay lives by. ...
Movie star Vincent Chase, together with his boy...
London Road is a musical drama that documents t...
If You Were Young: Rage highlights the other si...
Erotikon is a 1920 Swedish romantic comedy film...
Two teenage boys aspire to win a backyard wrest...
An experimental documentary that explores Saudi...
Director Fielder Cook's 1968 sex comedy has wea...
A group of friends reunite after 30 years to cl...
When someone murders his beloved cat, Clinton, ...
Corinna Kleist is a juvenile court judge who, a...
A physician discovers that two children are bei...
Jose Stern, an erstwhile indie-rocker relegated...
Based on a true story, 'Tot altijd' introduces ...
A wolf strives through the woods around an isol...
Yudi’s happy life is about to encounter a speed...
The first part depicts the heroine's toothache ...
It's Flavor Flav's turn to step in to the celeb...
Making the most of the family home while her pa...
Two men separated by 100 years are united in th...
The peaceful cohabitation of two 30-something b...
Ashens is going on a quest to find the legendar...
A sexy and hilarious spoof about a couple who h...
Pamela Anderson was roasted by Courtney Love, A...
A teenage boy discovers that the planet Icarus ...
Black and white footage of performances, interv...
In Brooklyn live two young street musicians who...
Arkham, 1975: Jonathan Davis' father has disapp...
Liviu (Peter O'Toole) and Julia (Charlotte Ramp...
A teacher with paranormal abilities helps a gro...
The short-tempered Daffy Duck must improvise ma...
A long-time married couple who've spent their l...
Growing up can be a bumpy road, and it's no exc...
In a rural Appalachian community haunted by the...
Lauded Quebec filmmaker Rodrigue Jean (Lost Son...
Locked away from society in an apartment on the...
Internationally acclaimed comedian Trevor Noah ...
Sam is a former college football star whose cha...
Rivaling Pirates and Spanish gold are the ingre...
Marriages are made in heaven! Though the road t...
In 2011, Pulitzer Prize-winning journalist Jose...
When a teenage girl says she's the victim of a ...
The police suspect that a drug and forced-prost...
Someone is stealing cheerleaders and other pret...
Twenty years ago, Kurt Cobain was found dead of...
The life of reclusive and eccentric Beach Boys ...
Technotise: Edit &amp; I is a Serbian animated ...
A young printer's relationship with his girlfri...
                                               NaN
When Emanuelle (Gemser) arrives in the small It...
Convict Roberto murders a guard and escapes fro...
                             For a Book of Dollars
Bill Nolan, Sheriff of Ockland, receives a tele...
While being interrogated by a police psychiatri...
At an isolated log cabin in the harsh wildernes...
In the lush tradition of the glorious films of ...
This documentary follows seven wine-making fami...
A brother, Earland Josephson, returns to his fa...
Two teenagers looking for love find each other ...
Paul Goodman, whose best-selling 'Growing Up Ab...
A film crew follows the well-known banjo player...
From the ashes of the L.A. riots arose a lush, ...
Zel is a fortune teller. She lives and works in...
A frizzy-haired, pink-cheeked outcast named Spo...
A man looking for the release of a long-time pr...
A look at man's relationship with Dirt. Dirt ha...
The tale of a troubled small town, and the brav...
Amid the nation’s ongoing debate over health ca...
Dominic Howes and Joel Weber's intellectual tre...
                                 No overview found
Cinta (Dian Sastrowardoyo), a teenager in subur...
Sandra Bernhard stars in a studio version of he...
                                               NaN
                                               NaN
In 1867, with Garibaldi's forces close to bring...
                               70s Italian comedy.
An episodic satire of the political and social ...
                                               NaN
Nino Manfredi is a police captain, giving an on...
The adventures of a couple of scoundrels in the...
This inventive, mildly fictionalized documentar...
A rich businessman is fed up with work, family,...
                                               NaN
A pair of Americans want to perform the greates...
To get her husband more interested in her, the ...
Adriana, a young woman from the provinces, move...
Fun, disarming and musically provocative, the T...
Antonio, Peppino and Lucia are three brothers w...
When the villagers killed Constantin Tirescu, t...
                                               NaN
Despite of (or perhaps because of ) its sparse ...
The husband-and-wife team of Charles and Ray Ea...
Imagine the possibilities….. "Possibilities" is...
Joaquin comes back to Granada in the eighties t...
Late 16th century, persecuted protestantism and...
1849 - Ciceruacchio declares the Independent Re...
                                               NaN
This semi-amusing sex (romance) comedy has four...
                                               NaN
After being forced to leave the village because...
A guy is about to become the millionth citizen ...
Tino Ponce operates Circo Mexico, which journey...
                                               NaN
The usual gang of robbers in engaged by a thief...
                                               NaN
After 42 years, feisty and delightful lesbian c...
New York City's Stonewall Inn is regarded by ma...
The Greek army is about to set sail to a great ...
Bringing his unique sense of humor to this biza...
Jess, age 18, and Moss, age 12 are second cousi...
Terror strikes the underground train system in ...
The hard drinking grandson of a legendary labor...
A diplomatic official is captured and imprisone...
With the nation of Panem in a full scale war, K...
A dog that helped soldiers in Afghanistan retur...
Video game experts are recruited by the militar...
Beatrice Prior and Tobias Eaton fight to end th...
Beatrice Prior and Tobias Eaton venture into th...
In 1926, Newt Scamander arrives at the Magical ...
The continuing adventures of Miami detectives M...
Muriel Bayen, a divorced beautician and mother ...
Two people, alone in a desolate city. Costas an...
Kleptomaniac Dorothy Lyons is paroled from pris...
The factories, pubs, clubs, hotels and streets ...
Sloane, a handsome, sexy and completely amoral ...
A demented, elderly woman has her mentally reta...
In the 1930s, amoral blonde tommy-gun girl Bonn...
Alvin is your average guy, except for the fact ...
At the lowest point of his life, Richie gets a ...
A narcissistic runaway engages in a number of p...
An erotic poem set in the fantasies of a young ...
An evil alien brain, bent on world domination, ...
Got the facts on Milk? (also known as "The Milk...
The untold story of the first women in U.S. his...
In a crime-plagued neighborhood near Miami, bru...
Following a group of climbers attempting to cli...
John D. Rockefeller, Cornelius Vanderbilt, Andr...
A Hunter Warrior and cyborg healer named Ido fo...
Tom of Finland is one of the gay world's few au...
Duct tape, electrical cables, trigger, explosiv...
Feature documentary about legendary oceanograph...
E-Team is driven by the high-stakes investigati...
A personal exploration into the life of America...
When a salon refuses to hire her because of her...
Life for a struggling college student changes i...
From IMDB: A series of brutal sex murders distu...
An Indian Intelligence agent journeys into a wa...
What happens when a glamorous express, with hig...
Binta, a little girl from Senegal, tells us abo...
A musical comedy set in the fast-paced, fast-fo...
Max Solomon faces the awful truth that he will ...
Luke Skywalker and Han Solo battle evil Imperia...
A sickly young woman experiences visions of her...
With her personal and professional life in sham...
A couple of dudes pack a van full of beer and g...
Hamari Adhuri Kahani (English: Our Incomplete S...
A young couple discovers a secret room filled w...
Scottish musician, Edwyn Collins' world was sha...
Bella Thorne, Madison Pettis and Ryan Ochoa lea...
Vicki is seventeen and her older friends call h...
Somewhere in New Jersey, a group masked rollerb...
OCCUPY LOVE captures the heart of the movement ...
Belgrade, 1999. People go in and out of cafés, ...
Detective Tennison investigates a seemingly str...
These children live in the four corners of the ...
Two hundred years after Mary Shelley's novel th...
A Biographical story of Dale Earnhardt, Sr.  Th...
A Hawaiian teenage surfer shows off his skills ...
Johnny Kapahala, a teen snowboarding champion f...
A mischievous 14-year-old boy and his irrespons...
A girl steals a weather machine from Santa Clau...
While trying to avoid an obsessed girl, rocker ...
Chapter 3 of the Problem Child trilogy features...
A 14 year old boy named Gunther moves to a smal...
Zenon Kar, a 13-year-old girl who lives on a sp...
Zenon Kar is 15 and lives on a space station wh...
Zenon Kar a teenager living on a space station ...
A boy is the only family member without superpo...
A girl calls on her brother's imaginary friend ...
A teenager must battle for a gold charm to keep...
Eddie Ogden is his pa's pride and joy as well a...
It is the story of an average, popular American...
In a series of sexual mishaps, a high school se...
China is the first country in the world to clas...
A rather dull minded bank robber suddenly suffe...
The story is set in 1947, following a long-reti...
Sometime in the future, mankind has depleted al...
"Bite Size" follows the year long journey of fo...
This world war two story depicts the personal w...
Matthias Duval is in love, but he can't choose ...
Three female friends recall their misadventures...
Pam is twenty. She and her girlfriends hang out...
'Totò a colori' was the first Italian movie to ...
                                               NaN
Magistrate (Judge) Del Russo presides over four...
Nando Moriconi is a young Italian living in the...
Since the IRS has ordered new taxes, all trader...
                                               NaN
                                               NaN
During the WWII Italians and English take and r...
                                               NaN
This cop doesn't carry a gun - his fist is loaded!
Piedone (Bigfoot) Rizzo is accused of drug traf...
Commissary Rizzo in Napoli gets a message from ...
Two stupid lowlifes are "forced" into a life of...
The Antics Roadshow is a celebration of the pra...
The search for an enigmatic South Korean shaman...
Documentary telling the compelling story of the...
"Eco-Pirate" tells the story of a man on a miss...
Filmmaker Paul Saltzman (Prom Night in Mississi...
Documentary depicting day to day life in Angola...
The Jewish Cardinal tells the amazing true stor...
For forty years, Esfandiar has been unconcerned...
While the entire world watches the largest mete...
Andy Marlow, an ex British S.A.S serviceman tur...
Linda has a seemingly perfect marriage with her...
The quiet life of a terrier named Max is upende...
Underground is a 1976 documentary film about th...
"Master" is the name of a 12-story apartment bu...
When night falls at a church cemetery, amidst h...
A look at the controversial riot cops unit, tol...
The mummy of a cursed pharaoh and a reanimated ...
A band of ninja warriors, led by an Iga Ninja n...
The year is 2030 and six years have passed sinc...
Pablo blends documentary and animation elements...
Keeping to himself in the wake his father's dea...
'A Walk to Within: The Camino de Santiago' tell...
Abducted couples are victims of medical experim...
Peter Hammer moves to Kennedy high school in an...
Raised to believe in performance and in the ide...
Marie and Eric, a couple in their thirties who ...
Nous sommes dans un coin de France reculé... tr...
                                               NaN
A woman claims she had an affair with a married...
Michael Winterbottom, celebrated director of 24...
Great Patriotic War, early 1940s. After barely ...
With a spate of violence that rocks the inner c...
The Hansen kids are in a jam. Adam and his best...
A struggling young couple stumbles upon a cache...
Two slum kids yearn to taste a pizza after bein...
After losing his parents in a car accident, Muk...
A model student transfers to the notorious Jung...
A vigilante network taking out corrupt official...
Suffering because of his father departure to th...
An eight-year-old boy is willing to do whatever...
When a pastor is shaken by the visible faith of...
Things go awry when an author and his wife welc...
Dimwitted but sweet high school girl of easy vi...
The film stars Libuse Safrankova as the title c...
RHYTHM IS IT! records the first big educational...
A husband and wife open a video store in a new ...
An extremely wealthy elderly man dying from can...
Stuck in a life of indentured servitude, Marek ...
King Louis XIV's quest for immortality leads hi...
This feature is one of the Israeli cinematograp...
An inside look at the ABC sitcom which turned R...
During WWII, the death camp at Treblinka had an...
Bill Pope is a CIA agent on a mission in London...
The modern world holds many secrets, but by far...
A horror comedy based on the ancient legend abo...
From DC Comics comes the Suicide Squad, an anti...
In 2020 super-computer Kronos concludes that hu...
At thirty-seven, Miri is a twice-widowed, El Al...
As the Battle of the Bulge rages on, an America...
War story of the 27th Panzers, Hitler's heavy-d...
This harrowing war film is an epic dramatizatio...
When flaky novelist Mario turns up one day at t...
Reflects a depressing and hopeless reality by f...
Roy (Abhishek Bachchan) is a professional conma...
Inspector Nick Cafmeyer seems to have it all - ...
A submarine commander who is a secret pacifist ...
Uplifting drama about a young girl who overcome...
High on shock and light on cultural relativism,...
We always knew they were coming back. Using rec...
The USS Enterprise crew explores the furthest r...
Recording of live show of AFI presenting Frank ...
A documentary looking at the life and career of...
Fultah Fisher runs a boarding house catering to...
A committee investigating TV's first uncensored...
A short-tempered, violent criminal named "White...
A screenwriter does research for his new script...
Manjeet Khosla lives with her widowed mom in Bo...
The story is about how around a pizza delivery ...
The Sharma family re-locate to a semi-urban loc...
The year is 1920 and the house isolated in the ...
Pahwa is a film buff. He watches every new rele...
Six friends, stranded on a highway, tell each o...
Sammo is Courageous Cheung, a pedicab driver in...
A group of friends on vacation decide to ventur...
Bobby Reynolds is released on probation from Ri...
An uninhibited youth woos the hottest about-to-...
Sakshi Shroff, the lonely and neglected wife of...
Two single parents - male and female - along wi...
Azulai is a policeman in Jaffa, whose incompete...
Mild-mannered computer consultant Norman Neale ...
Waylon is a nine year old boy who, after losing...
A brother and sister who run away from home fin...
Six medical students with unique talents pool t...
Vinnie's a bookie, happily married, running his...
JW now lives in exile and is more than ever det...
Described as being a film about determination, ...
Stand-up comic Gabriel Iglesias delights audien...
Veronica, the new girl in town, is lured into t...
Six young computer hackers sent to work on a de...
When ancient Sodom is doomed to destruction due...
One December day around Christmastime I am in t...
RUN is a fast-paced, action/thriller, which cen...
                                               NaN
La cerrada comunidad de “Altos de la Cascada”, ...
Tanner Gray is shocked to learn after the death...
Gote and Eli are two aging friends who don't wa...
A mother and her young son release unimaginable...
A medical student is desperate to solve a murde...
When the joker Tommy Tricker plays some practic...
A sexually ambiguous Frenchman tours his native...
Brandy Burre had a recurring role on HBO’s The ...
A drama about a boy who's inspired by Dr. Marti...
A clique of school girls devise a secret plan t...
Adaptation of the suite "Iberia" by Isaac Alben...
Originally conceived by Kurt Cobain, Live ! Ton...
Rome 2003, the camera follows citizens of Rome....
On the 20th anniversary of Federico Fellini’s d...
A businessman from the United States returns to...
15 years after the monumental "I mostri" which ...
A successful businessman whose destiny leads hi...
A three-way love affair in the Rome of the earl...
Ana Rios is a former Miami police detective-tur...
Her innocent appearance is just a cover for Las...
Jen Kirkman's Netflix produced stand-up special...
Funnywoman Morgan Murphy always targets herself...
Grace is excited for the summer so she can star...
There is a long-held belief that mirrors act as...
Sisters doing it for themselves in Amsterdam's ...
A woman, with the aid of her police officer swe...
What starts off as a squadron of American dared...
Lopushansky's second film focuses on a few hour...
Based on a true story, this is the love affair ...
A teen coming-of-age romantic dramedy about a m...
A young Arab is caught between cultures as he i...
This is a powerful drama about a young woman wh...
Shiva is a new student in the community college...
Arya (Allu Arjun) is a happy-go-lucky, college-...
A Bombay police officer seeks revenge when his ...
Where beasts feared to tread, he made it his ho...
Prahaar is the story of Major Chavan, a tough a...
Ajay Kumar (Warsi) is the newly appointed, hone...
Amidst religious riots, a son deals with his mo...
Gao Jian is a lazy and arrogant student of the ...
Lo Tung and his friend Malted Candy, pedicab dr...
Not The Messiah (He's a Very Naughty Boy) is a ...
She inherits a house in the South of France fro...
Two-part drama based on the true story of the A...
When an elderly client loses a fortune on an in...
Francis Bigger, a notorious charlatan who tours...
Based on the eponymous book by Boris Vasilyev, ...
On a routine courier mission, the prestigious C...
Sammo Hung plays a cop on the trail of drug dea...
A historical drama set in the Koryo dynasty and...
Guddu and Charlie are identical twins born and ...
Mallik is a henchman of Aslam Bhai, a Mumbai un...
Vishwanathan, a Kathak dance teacher in New Yor...
Director Vishal Bharadwaj's adaption of the Sha...
K. Jhunjhunwala would like to locate his missin...
Mute Shankar slogs day and night to satisfy the...
Police Inspector Samar Pratap Singh is transfer...
Ajay Mehra leaves for Bombay in order to train ...
Gopal, Lucky, Madhav and Laxman - four guys bou...
The story of Wilson Bond, a pimp who after savi...
After the death of his first wife, wealthy Raja...
Amongst the communal riots that erupt in the ci...
Yuen Baio and Ka-Yan Leung play brothers Yipao ...
Legendary martial artist Bruce Lee is the subje...
Five substance-abusing friends decide to fake a...
Awara Paagal Deewana ((Hindi: आवारा पागल दीवाना...
Tung Wei (18 Fatal Strikes Enter The Dragon) is...
Meet Shivani Shivaji Roy, Senior Inspector, Cri...
On a calm summer day in 1991, in the bustling L...
Shah Rukh Khan and Sharad Kapoor are the leader...
Yuen Biao plays Jason Chan a lawyer, angry at t...
A young martial artist seeks revenge on the nin...
A reporter researching the death penalty in Ind...
Hwang Jang Lee is a corrupt Ming guard who fram...
A very arrogant white haired Thai Chi martial a...
A year after training young Jackie Chan in the ...
Chung Yao, a martial arts expert, has long been...
Venom regulars Philip Kwok, Chiang Sheng, and S...
Shaolin practitioners and brothers Wu and Hung ...
After witnessing the public humiliation &amp; a...
A kung fu fanatic, Yu Ting (Alexander Lo Rei), ...
To avenge his father's death, a circus entertai...
A 35-minute Dragon Ball animated short film tha...
Lee Yi Min stars as an eager young kung fu stud...
In the second installment of the Dhoom series, ...
Four fighters different backgrounds come togeth...
Tien Lung, the best fighter at the Ching Te mar...
The theme of the film is ethics. Sammo Hung is ...
Nasik-based Heerendra Dhaan and Raj Ranade are ...
This compelling drama tells the remarkable true...
A chain-wallah from Delhi travels across India ...
In search of his lost soul mate, an unpainted V...
Ace pilot Trava and his personal mechanic buddy...
Sawa may seem innocent and naive, but don’t be ...
Former Yakuza underling Kiryu Kazuma, who has r...
Stet, a troubled and angry 11-year-old orphan f...
Filmed in Eastbourne where his grandfather and ...
Over the course of a year, film follows Vancouv...
Revolves around a team of military field operat...
Newlywed couple Ted and Tami-Lynn want to have ...
When the commander of the crew of a B-17 Flying...
A group of friends band together to hide the tr...
Daffy Duck and Bugs argue back and forth whethe...
Between 1944–1953, courageous resistance moveme...
During a financial shortcoming, A boy and his f...
Rani is a 24-year-old Punjabi woman. Her family...
A group of five American friends on the cusp of...
At Sunjong University, a few students are serio...
Eccentric aliens give a man the power to do any...
Minions Stuart, Kevin and Bob are recruited by ...
The House at the End of Time is the first Venez...
 Young, sexy nurses and their hospital adventures.
A romantic comedy with action and suspense. Two...
A rustic drama set in the early 20th century, H...
Two brothers, both cadets at Annapolis, fall in...
Famed Depression-era gangster “Baby Face Nelson...
A world-weary crime boss is losing his grip on ...
When an army scout retires to a farm in New Mex...
Fitionalized account of Ferdinand Waldo Demara ...
Martin (Luis Fernandez) is the star of "Camp Bl...
A lieutenant and four others are having a littl...
Bhoothnath Returns takes Bhoothnath's story for...
Julia (Heather Rose) is crippled with cerebral ...
                                No overview found.
Depicts the love lives, jealousies and desires ...
After false reports of his demise put him and h...
Rich momma's boy Wade Kingsley Jr. an Eastern d...
A lone female park ranger tries to track down a...
A group of nerdy college guys who can't seem to...
In this quirky romantic comedy inspired by a tr...
The federal agent Joe Dee Foster is currently i...
Charlie McGee is a young woman with the unwante...
After experiencing traumatic nightmares of a ti...
The owner of a strip club decide to create a st...
Captivated by the posh Hollywood scene, bartend...
After being busted out of jail by his tomatoes,...
Something awaits Tyler Jensen and his friends i...
In the 1400's, Rumpelstiltskin is imprisoned in...
Lilo, Stitch, Jumba and Pleakley have finally c...
A cattle-vs.-sheepman feud loses Connie Dickaso...
Sequel to Dracula 2000. Father Uffizi [Jason Sc...
Luc Devereaux and Veronica Roberts continue the...
Ron Simmons (Josh Cooke) is ready to settle dow...
Two sisters, no love lives. Both end up dating ...
A modern adaptation of the classic children's s...
The world has been reshaped by the invasion of ...
Barry Goldwater Elementary is on the brink of c...
It's summer camp as usual at Camp Manabe where ...
When two freshmen pledges are accepted into the...
"I will try to be normal" 12-year-old Ace Ventu...
The children of the Avengers hone their powers ...
The Universal Soldiers are used to smuggle diam...
When a college student witnesses the alleged su...
A struggling young artist meets a talented, and...
Ryan and Sean get discovered as Internet Celebr...
Nursing student Asuka (Atsuko Maeda) has just m...
While stopped at a roadside phone booth for tra...
A group of college students embarking on a cros...
Small lives begin at the end of high school for...
Jack is encouraged to take the romantic Paris v...
Remake of Jules Verne's classic story finds adv...
This film is a spoof along the lines of "Scary ...
A series of short films spoofing "The Blair Wit...
Over a long holiday weekend, unable to escape t...
Upon discovering that their town is up for sale...
Calvin Carter, a successful business executive,...
Bloodsport III brings us back to the world of A...
The Startup Kids is a documentary about young w...
An epic journey into the world of dinosaurs whe...
The true story of Whitey Bulger, the brother of...
A cryptic message from Bond’s past sends him on...
Police assitant Boyle along with tomatologist K...
Indestructible to his enemies and irresistible ...
A grizzled ex-sheriff helps a man framed for mu...
Nate moves to L.A. to track down Cristabel, the...
Adam Harris, a semi-lame senior, is head over h...
This coarse bedroom farce takes place at the St...
Elvio Battistini works as a ticket taker in the...
The marquess of Grillo is a good-natured, cleve...
A large international cast takes part in this c...
An aging American millionairess journeys to Rom...
Three episodes. The refrigerator. A married cou...
Giuseppe Di Noi, an Italian surveyor living in ...
                                               NaN
Four unrelated short comedies by four different...
The film is about an old fashioned Italian with...
Sweet-sour comedy on Italy's 1950's rage to get...
                                               NaN
                                               NaN
Silvio Magnozzi is a man so dedicated to his hi...
During World War II, a plane full of RAF fighte...
                                               NaN
Everybody Go Home (Italian: Tutti a casa) is a ...
Ugly, persistent, and (initially) annoying admi...
Mario is in Hannover to work as a miner but aft...
Alberto Nardi (Alberto Sordi) is a Roman busine...
The Sign of Venus (Italian: Il segno di Venere)...
Alberto Menichetti lives with an aunt and an ol...
                                               NaN
The Art of Getting Along (Italian: L'arte di ar...
After "hooking up" with a series of guys at a h...
Rover, a street-smart dog owned by a Las Vegas ...
A professor and his students have a grisly enco...
In the near future, Uffizi and Luke travel to t...
Following the death of her mother, 20-year-old ...
Given incredible power by an ancient Celtic Cro...
A small band of resistance fighters battle the ...
Defense attorney Jennifer Garrick acquires a Pi...
After leaving her daughter Jessica in a small t...
"Police Academy" styled film offers its laughs ...
Four friends hit the road to LA to compete in t...
When Jimmy (Matt D'Elia) finds out his best fri...
On the eve of his high school graduation, unrem...
A top secret government study involving the man...
A young woman attempts to cure her phobia of th...
On a stormy Saturday afternoon, six students fr...
Jonah and Ella Mazer are typical teenagers, but...
Food, glorious food! Some of the most sumptuous...
Two thugs from the Perth suburb of Midland catc...
A Group of teenagers test the legend of an immo...
Malcom McDowell, Lou Diamond Phillips and Rober...
From the inventive mind of Jeff Dunham comes th...
In the year 2045, a Los Angeles Police Departme...
When a young man's bride is kidnapped by an evi...
A typical Midwestern 18 year-old freshman at a ...
Ben Cooper and his family struggling to get a g...
Comedy about the proverbial genie who comes out...
Four assassins meet in a hotel suite to resolve...
Shaggy is turned into a werewolf, and it's up t...
Get ready for far-out fun in Scooby-Doo's brand...
A friend of Fred's, Alejo Otero invites the Sco...
Join Scooby-Doo, Shaggy and the Mystery Inc. cr...
Embittered by Superman's heroic successes and s...
High school hottie Kellie Guthrie would never d...
When Rumpelstiltskin destroys the Magic Mirror ...
One year after losing their son David, Eve Good...
                                               NaN
An adaptation of Petronius' satire about the de...
                                               NaN
The investigations of a private eye shake up th...
Armando is the daddy, Cristiano is the adult so...
                                               NaN
The heroes from the hard-hitting MORTAL KOMBAT ...
A writer is forced to write a horror movie by a...
In the year 20XX, Dr. Thomas Light, an Nobel Pr...
In Round One - FIGHT!: Ryu and Ken find themsel...
The sharks take bite out of the East Coast when...
When he is betrayed by a trusted friend, Mathay...
It's one giant step for dog-kind as Scooby-Doo ...
Duncan Fletcher is an average teenager in searc...
                                               NaN
After being released from a mental hospital, Ot...
The gang's vacation to Paris takes a wrong turn...
Scooby, Shaggy and Scrappy Doo are on their way...
Scooby and the gang investigate aliens sighting...
Scooby-Doo and the gang are trapped into a vide...
Scooby-Doo and the Mystery Inc. gang become inv...
The gang of Mystery Inc. take a trip to Japan a...
Scooby and the gang are attending a concert at ...
Scooby and the gang visit Hawaii, but a monster...
When Shaggy inherits an old Southern estate fro...
Ghost pirates attack the cruise ship that Scoob...
Scooby-Doo and Shaggy must go into the underwor...
Scooby-Doo, Shaggy, and the Mystery Inc. crew t...
When Scooby and the gang hear of a werewolf pla...
A relaxing spa getaway evolves into a prehistor...
Scooby-Doo Goes Hollywood (WBFE) (CS) The gang ...
The Mega Mondo Pop Cartoon-a-Con in sunny Calif...
Scooby and the gang have their first musical my...
Get ready to experience the world-famous Scooby...
The WWE comes to town in the new animated film ...
Elroy Jetson invents a time machine that takes ...
Jamie Grover (Kimberly J. Brown) is an only chi...
Drake and Josh are left home alone while their ...
1972, Milano. We are just a few days before the...
8 comic sketches set in Italy, with 4 of the mo...
This Italian film is a searing indictment of th...
                                No overview found.
Aldo Piscitello, a minor government clerk, is f...
                                               NaN
In this fact-based film, Gary Gilmore, an India...
During a wave of political violence in Italy, a...
Confessions of a Police Captain (Italian: Confe...
Because of a violation of traffic regulations a...
An Italian police inspector matches wits with a...
This is the story of a vagrant samurai – the so...
Der Einkaufsdirektor Heinrich Lohse (Loriot) wi...
Political comedy about the Government (domestic...
Standup special recorded live at the Warner The...
Tony has recently been released from a sentence...
Computer-generated animation about the daily li...
This Oscar-winning short tells of a bull who pr...
Gabriel Iglesias is one of the fastest-rising c...
Back in Town is George Carlin's ninth HBO speci...
Legendary comic Carlin comes back to the Beacon...
In the year 2029, Section 9, a group of cyberne...
A folklore professor becomes unwittingly posses...
It's Taxidermy Tech vs. Anthropology A&amp;M fo...
Iron Man and Captain America battle to keep the...
Arguing With Myself, a recorded live performanc...
Combining his amazing talent and his unorthodox...
Jeff Ross visits several cities across the coun...
The affable, towheaded comic demonstrates his h...
American viewers may know him best as the Briti...
Kim and Ron start out a new school year, only t...
Mock documentary about Seinfeld writer Larry Da...
Experience the show that quickly became a natio...
Anja is a beautiful and very well proportioned ...
Two Octopi fight for their lives with a stubbor...
A workman finds a singing frog in the cornersto...
Pablo Francisco adds his brand of comedy to the...
Pluto wants to sing along with the birds, bee a...
Wayne gets a new rookie partner, Lanny, after h...
Fans of Adult Swim's "Robot Chicken" and the St...
"John Leguizamo's Sexaholix... a love story mar...
When things go wrong at the circus, it's up to ...
While on the run from goons, a man and his neph...
Chandni Bar, a film directed by Madhur Bhandark...
Dev who, after spurning Paro's love due to a mi...
Upon retirement, cranky control freak Kamal Kis...
Pablo Francisco, one of the most popular comedi...
The two pigs building houses of hay and sticks ...
Dueling cat-and-mouse team Tom and Jerry hit th...
The crew of a bankrupt Scottish trawler turn to...
Teen Hawaiian skateboarder Ralsto seems destine...
The story of a hopeful headmaster who persevere...
Jeff Dunham and his iconic creations, Achmed th...
Stand-up comedian and ventriloquist Jeff Dunham...
Jeff Dunham is back in his much-anticipated fou...
The multi-platinum selling comedian performs hi...
Undercover officer Nick had spent the last seve...
Sara is a young girl raised in a family of goat...
Following the tragic death of her parents Fawn ...
Terry "Hulk" Hogan stars as R. J. "Hurricane" S...
Young tween Justin Yoder, who's known for his o...
Ash, Pikachu and friends (minus Misty) were vis...
Once upon a time a god gave a mighty sword to t...
Based on the hit song that became a worldwide h...
A deaf girl attempts to contact her sister duri...
America's coolest heroes, the Teen Titans, go t...
Two rival gangs fight for control of Frazier Pa...
It is an adaptation of the Charles Dickens clas...
Synder, the historian who has spent many years ...
Puppet Master X follows the characters of Danny...
The horrifying yet delicious and chewy Gingerde...
The gingerdead man travels back in time to 1976...
The Gingerdead Man seeks revenge against Sarah ...
We are definitely not alone in the Universe... ...
Po and the Furious Five uncover the legend of t...
A group of dangerous terrorists succeeds to get...
This unique documentary reveals the story of Sh...
Set backstage at three iconic product launches ...
Feature film adaptation of Shakespeare's Scotti...
                                               NaN
Thirteen years old Achille is waiting for his f...
                                               NaN
An old firm leader returns to Green Street for ...
                                               NaN
NYC, Central Park, 2010. Five young teenagers a...
When the mother they have never known dies, thr...
What on earth would extraterrestrials think if ...
Je to film sestávající ze šesti povídek, které ...
A postman, S.D. Kluger, decides to answer some ...
A teen learns that his birth mother is a mermai...
            TV remake of 1976 movie Freaky Friday.
Based on the best selling series "Dear Dumb Dia...
Goofy's in the driver's seat, Mickey's in the k...
Hoping to bring his family closer together and ...
Set during the early Joseon Dynasty, the film b...
Looking for work, Aaron comes across a cryptic ...
A pair of horny college guys get summer jobs at...
Le chant du Styrène is a 1958 French documentar...
A social commentary on post-war France's urban ...
This short features a man who is visited by his...
Buñuel's first "comeback" film since "L'Age d'O...
The insane government bureaucracy at a state pe...
A boy shyly watches a girl on a tram. Only when...
A group of five Genesect have invaded the big c...
The Struggle for Time and Space Begins Again......
Ash and friends (this time accompanied by newco...
In the legendary past, before Poké Balls were m...
See No Evil 2 revives the nightmare of the firs...
Video short from Kevin Smith.  Dante and Randal...
Dante and Randall attend Julie Dwyer's wake in ...
When a top-secret laboratory is unexpectedly br...
The adventure begins when Lucas, a 13 year old ...
The sequel is set just weeks after Annie Barlow...
A fun filled weekend turns deadly when a group ...
Ernie, Julia, and Max accidentally start a time...
The classic story of Emma Bovary, the beautiful...
In the wake of a shocking civilian massacre in ...
The daughter of a wealthy real estate mogul fal...
With marriage, graduation, and the real world l...
Two brothers barely scrape by as their father c...
Both a journalist and a documentary filmmaker c...
AJ Manglehorn is an aging, ordinary guy in a sm...
A romantic-drama, OLD FASHIONED centers on Clay...
Comedy - A self-anointed 'renegade' male flight...
HOOVEY is the true and inspiring story of the E...
Texas Ranger Samantha Payne reopens a 15-year-o...
Two oafs must rescue their stranded pal in Mexico.
After an alcohol induced blacked-out night of d...
Freshly hatched bee Maya is a little whirlwind ...
The amazing footage you will see in this docume...
Spoof of the "Taken" franchise. An ex-CIA agent...
In the near future the earth has become desolat...
Reincarnation goes horribly wrong releasing dar...
Seven characters, introduced at the start of th...
After the Ball, a retail fairy tale set in the ...
A series of cryptic phone messages and visions ...
A story about a madman with a movie camera. He'...
Maggie Cooper thinks it would be really cool if...
After the bizarre death of her brother, Johana ...
When a contract killer (Steven Seagal) encounte...
After his family is killed by a Serbian gangste...
Four battle-weary Crusaders take on a mission t...
                                               NaN
A documentary study of martial arts films and t...
                                               NaN
                                               NaN
The story is set beneath Buenos Aires, deep wit...
Five young Amish girls accused of being Satan's...
A team of archaeologists discover an ancient mu...
A troubled young woman working at a prayer call...
When Ida, cheeks streaked by mascara tears, une...
The owners of a failing security company start ...
Axe Giant - The Wrath of Paul Bunyon is a dark,...
With the Vietnam War raging in 1969, two young ...
In this poetic, richly allegorical debut by Col...
College prof Peter Boyd tries to salvage his pr...
                                               NaN
A man stuck at home with a fractured pelvis tri...
Michele Apicella is a young film and theater di...
Rendered a quadriplegic since a child from a ne...
Good boy Mike Mayer is looking at a fine future...
Face à l'incompréhension de la population franç...
A documentary about the sport of boxing, as see...
Estranged by the degree of corporate influence ...
We are on the set of "Salò or the 120 days of S...
An eccentric Olympic has-been who prefers leisu...
Like always, Postman Pat is happily going about...
Following a scientific experiment, a man wakes ...
When old flames reunite, will it be second time...
A young, modern single woman enters the world o...
Fishing Naked is a comedy. It is a film about f...
A humble young man with uncommon skills from a ...
May Oster, played by Athena Lebessis, is a beau...
The story centers on a young couple on a road t...
A guy gets more than he bargained for after ent...
Following his release from prison, an ex-fighte...
Three former band mates enter a cave after hear...
A horror film that combines classic monster mov...
Novella McClure is like most struggling actress...
15 months after the apocalypse, a group of surv...
Rachel, a rookie cop, is about to begin her fir...
Earth has been conquered by robots from another...
Russell, an undersized but big-hearted terrier,...
Road movie about two young people from differen...
In the Fiji islands, the greedy and unscrupulou...
With their university graduation nearing, a gro...
As Mark, Jen, Sylvia, and Jake navigate through...
The third installment in the successful Bad Ass...
Six members of a media company go on a weekend ...
Gracie knows hangovers. She's intimately acquai...
The story of Louis XIV of France and his attemp...
                                               NaN
Monroe and 'Joker' Johnson are two prisoners wh...
A scientist and his family move to a new town. ...
Construction workers building an airstrip on a ...
Shimada is a student of U College. When the col...
The Eye 10 (Chinese: 見鬼10; The Eye 3), or The E...
Hans, living in Vienna during the Great Depress...
Götz, the owner of an record shop in Berlin, Kr...
                                               NaN
The hours of your life as a currency you can bu...
Recognized as Uganda’s first action film, Who K...
After an invisible asteroid draws an astronaut ...
Shaukat, a writer suffering from writer's block...
It tells the story of ruthless East End gangste...
In an attempt to make some extra cash while awa...
The Lovers is an epic romance time travel adven...
Fearing the actions of a god-like Super Hero le...
Keshya, a simple villager believes that god has...
A girl from Mumbai who comes to Pune to meet a ...
A Neo-Noir Marathi film on a detective who's lo...
Inspector Mahesh kills a gangster but his spiri...
Guna is a village labourer in the hinterlands o...
A young man from the city journeys to his first...
Industrialization has reached each and every sm...
Dr. Bhaskar, a Magsaysay Award winner, returns ...
Dinkar Maruti Bhosale represents thousands of '...
When Cupid strikes the very first time it sees ...
Shreedhar works as a clerk, lives a happy, cont...
Dragonslayer documents the transgressions of a ...
They come from all over Eastern Europe: Russia,...
           The documentary story of Harlan Ellison
All This Mayhem is a searing account of what ha...
The Flying Doctors of East Africa (German: Die ...
The story serves as a companion piece to Renoir...
Dr. Cordelier, living in a suburb of Paris, wit...
Ten years in the making, Strange Powers is an i...
After literally swimming across the Atlantic Oc...
Based on a true story.  In Léon Blum high schoo...
Cuba is not a country for young gays. Teen rent...
In antique Rome, a simple pepboy for chars beco...
The true-life, stranger-than-fiction tale of ei...
Rise follows real life events of a young nurse,...
A hard-nosed detective deliberately commits a c...
A black ops sniper is blackmailed by a psychoti...
Since her childhood, Jessica has been haunted b...
A politically incorrect comedy that enthralls t...
A young man, Kazuya Mishima, wakes up alone in ...
Martin, an ex-Parisian well-heeled hipster pass...
After spending seven years in jail for an art h...
Time is unraveling, paradoxes are everywhere, a...
A couple and their daughter moves to Colombia t...
In time of war, a man must survive to make a jo...
A young woman comes to in a roadside diner with...
A scientist and his sidekick accidentally clone...
Elspeth Dickens dreams of finding her "voice" d...
The Art of Love is composed of several chapters...
A vampire hunter in southern California discove...
Soof is reaching 40 and has everything she ever...
During a time when the city of Los Angeles is t...
Eight of the world's most legendary monsters, a...
Retrospective documentary about the making of t...
A young female agent with a powerful psionic po...
Christie Parson has constant nightmares of her ...
An alien starship crashes in a swamp in a U.S. ...
Sexy but unstable wife and mother Jude walked o...
Pamela Smart knows exactly what she wants and i...
                                 Made for TV Movie
A beast gets loose in a laboratory, killing all...
    No girlfriends. No money. No work. No problem!
Paul Winkelmann (Loriot) is the CEO of a succes...
From the beginning, stories of angels and men h...
A serial killer terrorizes a woman searching fo...
The film is a cheerful stylized musical comedy ...
Inspired by the true story of one of the most g...
Raja lives a poor lifestyle along with his dad,...
A woman's one-night stand turns out to be her f...
A criminology professor becomes a target hersel...
A mother (Patty Duke) goes to Chicago to try to...
Beth Ferrier is happy in her life - fulfilled a...
A boy brings home his new girlfriend. However, ...
Sophia is the perfect 17-year-old girl. She stu...
A spoiled, selfish teenager becomes infatuated ...
A prosperous couple find the perfect live-in na...
This evocative faux documentary imagines a dyst...
Traci is a devious teenage girl who befriends a...
A seductive teen becomes vindictive when her bo...
Stay-home mom Annie is reluctant to return to w...
Rachel decides to take her three year old daugh...
Police officer Jane Rydert's life goes into a t...
A college student suspects that a nurse may har...
A restaurateur has it all - a successful busine...
When Katherine (Alexandra Paul) finds out her f...
When Gina Meyers finds out that both of her par...
Upon her release from a mental institution wher...
                                               NaN
Martha is a businesswoman and divorced mother o...
A divorced mother faces the bitter irony of bei...
In Kansas City, the deranged middle-age Donna G...
Star high school dancer Amanda's life spirals o...
A married couple, struggling to have a child, h...
When Leah's brother dies in a car accident, she...
Meet the Hunters your typical all-American fami...
Two friends keep their vomiting a secret until ...
The film tells why a girl was killed by two of ...
Rachel Parsons is the perfect assistant, but sh...
Brilliant software entrepreneur Paul Jacobs mee...
This Lifetime movie reveals a chilling side to ...
The senior creative executive at a top advertis...
Her boss made ​​a big mistake by not promoting ...
Based on Jodi Picoult's best-selling novel, "Th...
Sixteen years ago, a mysterious masked ninja un...
A teenage girl convinces a young, love-struck e...
A teenager is accused of murdering a classmate ...
The estranged daughter of a small town minister...
Eve Duncan is contacted, 10 years after the dis...
A young woman (Bonnie Dennison) falls for a mys...
Tough streetwise private investigator Al Connor...
Norman Pitkin and Mr Grimsdale are council work...
A middle-aged woman takes on a young female ten...
A beautiful heiress is kidnapped and held hosta...
Young Jim Hawkins and peg-legged Long John Silv...
A withdrawn young girl joins an unpopular soror...
Inspired by true events...The story of three hu...
Taunted by visions of Mary Magdalene, who revea...
An American photographer has an affair with a m...
When the rumored whereabouts of Osama bin Laden...
A recovering alcoholic becomes involved with hi...
A tale of two gangsters from the eras of past a...
Jimmy is a mild mannered advertising executive ...
In 1880's China, young Lalu is sold into marria...
During World War II, Switzerland severely limit...
It's 1990 and an Indonesian fishing boat abando...
Florence, a young irresponsible mother and her ...
After 22 years, Aziz decides to return to his h...
After being cuckolded, Morgan Midwood's life ex...
In a small village in the Danube Delta, where t...
In a long flashback, a New York publisher is in...
Cory Weissman is a college basketball player wh...
After the death of their Prophet, a small relig...
Shoot the Messenger  follows one man's painful ...
During the Second Sino-Japanese War, in 1940, L...
In the city of Jaffa; a young girl plans to run...
Three guys related from marrying three sisters ...
A young man struggles for closure after the dea...
In a future where MRI technology can read your ...
An FBI Agent takes on the three unrelated cases...
On a pilgrimage to Mashad from Tehran, a couple...
Eun-mo is back in her hometown, Paju after spen...
When a terminally-ill art historian meets an en...
Caleb is 27, and was raised in the majestic Koo...
Six people tell their stories on a single subje...
In 1976, a Mi'gMaq teenager plots revenge again...
According to the legend of the Shangaan, white ...
A musician with hyper-sensitive hearing goes in...
Born in Brooklyn to Palestinian refugee parents...
Near the end of the French phase of the Vietnam...
As a Sikh man with a full beard and turban, AMR...
When autistic teen Ricky is scolded for skippin...
A rock hard commander trains Navy Carrier Pilot...
After placing his ailing wife Alice in a care h...
Submarine commander Ken White is forced to sudd...
A disgruntled grocery store clerk can't quit li...
After serving 10 years in prison for murder, Je...
During the First World War, Camille (Sylvie Tes...
Based on the Vanity Fair article of the same ti...
A troubled teen is sent to live with his estran...
An incestuous love affair. Meme and Jeremias ar...
Wilma Harrison had it all. A wealthy doctor for...
A chilling real-time thriller featuring a teena...
About a half dozen slacker dudes dwell at their...
The Genius of Marian follows Pam White in the e...
Sierra Leone's Refugee All Stars is a documenta...
Modern farms are struggling to keep a secret. M...
                                               NaN
Between trying to get Judy Bee (Elaine Hendrix)...
With very weak health and wait for the police t...
A mockumentary about the rise and fall of Holly...
A young heroin addict roams the streets of New ...
An 11-year-old boy struggles to cope with the d...
A middle aged music composer finds himself trap...
                                A dance of shapes.
During their journey the expedition led by Capt...
Three Russian friends work in New York, party h...
Good policing doesn't necessarily mean doing ev...
Divorced mother Yoo Rim (Yoo Seon) lives with h...
Ken Russell's rather loose adaptation of the la...
After a violent dispute with her mother, sixtee...
Charlie Bradford, an aspiring filmmaker in his ...
A documentary on the life of Amy Winehouse, the...
A lonely young aristocrat in turn-of the centur...
Paul Lamont, a corrections officer and law stud...
By a strange twist of fate, dutiful Hong Kong p...
Based on the popular Internet novel, the film t...
The director of Sue continues his exploration o...
Most love stories are about losing love or find...
A mockumentary about an aspiring inventor who d...
This erotic horror film, set in 1905, tells the...
The story centers on paroled white supremacist ...
Alex Rodak (Michael York) is a Polish director ...
The end of an affair from the woman's point of ...
After the death of her mother, 17-year-old Prud...
Washington plays a school principal in a tough ...
Two groups of classic cartoon characters come t...
They're off to see the Wizard, the wonderful Wi...
The world's favourite cat and mouse team bounds...
After being evicted from their old house by Tom...
Tom and Jerry need to learn to work together in...
Tom And Jerry are among the last animals living...
French filmmaker Eric Lartigau directs the anar...
The third film in The "Creature From The Black ...
Hartenstraat is set in the Nine Streets distric...
This is a heart-wrenching story about a happy-g...
An American army intelligence officer discovers...
A guy called Eric (Hense the title) owns a huge...
A young woman moves with her mother to her moth...
Inara, The Jungle Girl (2012) is about a young ...
                                               NaN
Thomas Montgomery, a married father of two youn...
When Josh and Amanda make eye contact at the ai...
Growing up in Barstow, CA, high school senior A...
In the Pakistani tribal village of Darra Adam K...
The true life story of the rise to power of Gla...
Wolves in the Snow begins with the news that An...
A series of interviews are conducted with convi...
When a tragic accident cuts short the first man...
Two high school students become stranded on a t...
Beneath Jim Marshall's veneer as the all-Americ...
When the number one junior player in the countr...
Fred (Stanley Tucci) arrives at the doorstep of...
A soldier returns from Vietnam on special assig...
STEFFEN VOGT, aged around 25, is helping out at...
Sonic's arch nemesis Dr. Robotnik has been bani...
Roving clans of shape-shifting human/hyena crea...
Claire (Virginie Vitry) is a chic young Parisia...
With the full-force fury of the French New Wave...
                                               NaN
All the researchers of the IMPS laboratory are ...
'Teen Kanya' is an anthology film based upon sh...
The story of the murder of a poet, a man, a gre...
The movie follows the clock round as music hall...
Kicks Carter, a streetwise Las Vegs cop, is out...
In the year 2047, sex is forbidden and Big Brot...
A magician in a carnival--who actually can read...
Young black man teams up with a Chinese kung-fu...
Dracula conspires with a mad doctor to resurrec...
Amir, the benevolent ruler of Kalid, is dying, ...
A lone gunman hunts the fearsome Apache Satago ...
The "Satans" are a very cruel biker gang led by...
Harry (a corrupt sheriff) and his Chicano deput...
After stealing a fortune in unclaimed jewelry, ...
Cult filmmaker Russ Meyer takes on directorial ...
Mr. Teas is a door to door salesman for dentist...
Tales of eleven losers are told and interwoven....
This film focuses on contemporary 30- and 40-so...
A fancy garden party turns into upper class pre...
In the near future, society collapses and water...
A love triangle forms between post-Enlightenmen...
A small Finnish town bank manager gets caught i...
Helsinki, Forever is a montage film about the c...
A creation myth realized in light, patterns, im...
From a murky landscape, a wooded mountain emerg...
A man, accompanied by a dog, struggles through ...
Sexual intimacy. Three kinds of images race pas...
A man is supine on a mountain side. Images rush...
A famous writer is found hanged in his office. ...
Shankar, a coolie, comes in the way of the bad ...
Three years after Mike bowed out of the strippe...
Lady Caroline Faye meets Lord Vane Brecon and i...
          Eurocrime/Poliziotteschi movie from 1978
10-year-old Nori is obliged to grow up at a ver...
A modern day train hopper fighting to be a succ...
A young athlete takes a wild turn in life after...
A beautiful film which is basically about a man...
A septuagenarian couple are attracted to each o...
In another indictment of the flaws of our so-ca...
In this improbable, ponderous story about a cou...
This sometimes confusing erotic drama about the...
A new teacher introduces radical ideas at a nur...
Gerard and his 9-month-old son have been left b...
Liza slowly replaces Melampo, Giorgio's dog. Wh...
Caustic satire on bureaucracy of the Vatican au...
During a Post-Apocalyptic period in the near fu...
             Italian comedy film in three segments
Satirical film in four episodes about  family a...
The "Ape Woman" is Annie Girardot, completely c...
A 40 years old man, Alfonso, finally succeeds t...
El Cochecito is a 1960 Spanish black comedy fil...
Rodolfo and Petrita each live in separate quart...
Four young men are cited in a kiosk during a ra...
This film focuses on how a group of African Ame...
A young woman is forced to return to her hometo...
Allie moves to Texas and embraces the slower pa...
Four girlfriends reunite for a week of partying...
Leigh’s 29th birthday party takes a sudden turn...
A man finds out  that his wife has paid $10,000...
Lightweight but entertaining crime/drama about ...
Jean and Shag Williams locate a newly built hou...
Based on the novel by New York Times best-selli...
Based on a true story, 15 year old Tina Spangle...
Jacob, a young man armed with a deadly sword, s...
A woman and young daughter escape her abusive h...
When Bob Hart, a widowed police detective tryin...
                                               NaN
A group of young women teamed together in their...
When two boys are killed and two girls are blin...
With his pregnant wife at death's door after a ...
The Nostradamus Kid is a 1992 Australian featur...
After witnessing the killing of his parents, a ...
Ann, a reclusive elegant lady, with an obsessio...
Wes Merritt and his daughter Natalie (14) get m...
Josh wakes each day to a series of Hells. Betwe...
This is a Disney Channel movie about two teenag...
Susie Q was going to a dance one night when she...
From New York City to the farmlands of the Midw...
Two eccentric scientists struggle to create ete...
Though approaching his eighties, Max Kohn shows...
Stephen is a brilliant young boy who lives in E...
Dive into The Eternal City - see Rome like you’...
An 18 year old girl called Joy has gone missing...
The film is a semi-biographical story based on ...
Six years after an apocalyptic event killed her...
A New York policeman imprisons and tortures an ...
Alex (Julian Sands) is a lonely, centuries old ...
Set in old England, Hugh Grand ("Four Weddings ...
A drug-addicted psychiatrist inherits the case ...
The Malakian clan, a family of ruthless gangste...
In the mid-18th Century, as England and France ...
Justin Thorne is a liberal arts professor. One ...
A teenage musician goes on the run from killers...
An Intense, troubling film boasting a spectacul...
On a trip home to visit her father, Jenny is th...
Callie was a teenage mother in trouble. Fresh o...
A man develops an attraction to the daughter of...
Three young people drive drive to Mexico to sca...
After a threat from the tiger Shere Khan forces...
Dr. Raichii is the only Tsufurujin (the race er...
One peaceful day on Earth, two remnants of Frie...
A scientist doing experiments on a human fetus ...
While fleeing across the Irish countryside, two...
In December of 1944, Lionel Evans, an internati...
Based on Iain Banks's best-selling novel, this ...
                                               NaN
Pasquale Baudaffi, amnistiato, esce dal carcere...
A funny story of count Alfredo aka Didino (litt...
The wolf, the champion toreador, and Droopy, th...
A small town waitress gets a nail accidentally ...
Tracing the lives of several Roman emperors, th...
Terrorist Jaffad Ben Zayidi steals four nuclear...
On a hot summer afternoon in the sleepy town of...
After his beloved fiancée is killed by demons, ...
Plagued by flashbacks of a violent home invasio...
An ordinary man, who goes against all odds to f...
A small Army patrol unit and a couple of former...
A young girl, Johanna, is attacked and seemingl...
A 20-year-old homeless girl is suffering from p...
When Andres and his partner are hired to recove...
                                    Italian comedy
A speed-boat racer suffers amnesia after an boa...
Casey Noland, a high school kid with no directi...
                                               NaN
In the beginning of the 20th. century Italian a...
Frankie is dying. Irene hasn't forgiven him. An...
Monk Dawson is a film that was released in 1998...
When brokenhearted Stan flies to Austin for the...
A woman tormented by an abusive, sadistic husba...
A thousand years ago, in England, the crazy mon...
When Neurotic, struggling songwriter, Catherine...
A juror on a murder case begins to believe that...
A talented and successful actor retires at a yo...
A sorority girl unwittingly becomes the focus o...
I AM I is the story of a young woman, Rachael, ...
In 2007 author Phillip Muirhouse was left alone...
Mad with grief after the death of his Kiowa wif...
Set in Montreal during the disco phenomenon som...
A group of 20-somethings reunite at a New Year'...
Will Browning accidently creates a clone of him...
An idealist young dancer named Zoe (Romina D’Ug...
Drama based on a true story. Rich, high-flying ...
Prominent defense attorney Tony Lord returns to...
Over the course of one week in 1988, the search...
Martha Barlow, a modern day outlaw, must reconc...
Chronicles the rise and fall of pop king Michae...
Michael Jackson's Dangerous Tour Live in Buchar...
Pop king Michael Jackson solidifies his title w...
Tsumugi, a girl with a crush on her teacher, di...
Once the thriving capital of Imperial China, th...
In this animated short, director Peter Foldès d...
The young man must set up a clear border betwee...
At the height of the Cold War, a mysterious cri...
Every minute of every year an American drops de...
A serial killer begins the process of grooming ...
Lizzie's best friend, Andie, becomes pregnant a...
Based on the novel by Dean R. Koontz, this acti...
This unpredictable story follows an agitated fa...
Unlikely friends in a melting pot of confusion....
A corporate attorney quits his job at a high pr...
Samuel works in Brussels as a pharmaceutical de...
Patty Sullivan (Erica Eleniak) is a battered wo...
Jennifer's thirtieth birthday party is supposed...
Edmond, a man in his sixties whose wife has rec...
Corbin plays a fictional Menard County sheriff ...
A criminal gradually integrates himself into a ...
In an alternate universe, very different versio...
If you think your dating life is hard, check ou...
A young California surfer has to grow up in a h...
A journalist receives an obscene phonecall that...
A Documentary crew entered an asylum to shoot a...
The estranged daughter (Lauren Lee Smith) of a ...
Floating dead in space, transport ship Genesis ...
Two British beauties go to Barbados with a yach...
When yuppie Korean-American lawyer Peter brings...
A wife, her two-timing husband and a flirting n...
                              Based on true events
It's Christmas Eve, and a soon-to-be-shit-canne...
18-year-old Sean's first summer after completin...
When the Viking space capsule suddenly returns ...
Marla Sokoloff of ”The Practice” stars as Wendy...
The Big Ask is a dark comedy about three couple...
The Baseline is the centre of the East London g...
                          Directed by Vanessa Hope
A teenage boy discovers the perpetrators of sev...
A couple depraved killers find themselves in a ...
In order to close the case files on over a doze...
Comedy Central Special Released 18th of August ...
The young Tore seeks a new life in Hamburg amon...
It seemed like a great idea when all-around nic...
A fictional documentary-style expose on the riv...
A Civil War veteran returns home to the quiet c...
The story of French high-wire artist Philippe P...
An American Ambassador is killed during an atta...
A special-ops team is dispatched to fight super...
A story about 11 girls living in Paris. Each of...
Voltaire, a 16th century author was furious tha...
Ray Lovelock stars as Massimo, a young undercov...
Sending a burning arrow into the stunting effec...
The true story of General Smyslovsky and the an...
Nicholas Vreeland walked away from a worldly li...
Filmed over a period of five years in Centralia...
Pals Danny and Frank spend the summer after hig...
Aalavandhan is a action and thriller movie. Vij...
Set in Belle Époque France, the story follows n...
A US submarine and its crew are captured by the...
A woman haunted by psychosexual nightmares begi...
An Indian discovers plans to assassinate the pr...
Millionaire Richard Trainor is celebrating the ...
The leader of a group of misfits, his girlfrien...
Nasty Baby centers around a Brooklyn couple, Fr...
When Kate and Abby are mistaken for famous art ...
Defending a teen charged with patricide drudges...
When "American Psycho" was released early in 20...
Franck shows up in a gossip magazine photo behi...
                                               NaN
75-year-old Giuseppe De Metrio has spent 30 yea...
                                               NaN
Now in the Far North (i.e. Milan!), Alberto has...
Some Say No is a new Italian comedy with a very...
A 14-year-old boy and his neo-Nazi dad are both...
Anna and Piero fighting routine of a long marri...
Guido, an acclaimed author, leads an idyllic li...
An socially inept dockworker (Fabio Volo), an u...
A widowed working-class father falls in love wi...
                                               NaN
                                               NaN
Nena, a girl from the south of Italy, has to tr...
                                               NaN
                                               NaN
The film consists of two episodes, telling two ...
The story of the latest week on the earth befor...
                                               NaN
                                               NaN
                                               NaN
                                               NaN
                                No overview found.
An unexpected pregnancy and premature birth bec...
Maschi contro Femmine è una commedia che ruota ...
35 year old Alice has a husband and a son. Her ...
                                               NaN
Alessandro teaches musicology at the university...
                                               NaN
Garage owner Angelo and big-time film producer ...
Albanian teenager, Saimir, emigrates to Italy t...
A family story in the city of Bobbio between 19...
Gina and Marco are living in the suburbs of Rom...
                                               NaN
The story of a man who murdered thirty-two peop...
Two construction-workers, the brothers Cosimo a...
Guido and Antonia are a young couple with oppos...
                                               NaN
                                               NaN
Having cheated on his wife, Giulio, a municipal...
                                               NaN
                                               NaN
Cosimo is Italian, Nicole French. They meet in ...
                                               NaN
Andrea is having a bad luck with girls. Maybe b...
                                               NaN
Andrea (Raoul Bova) is a handsome and confident...
                                               NaN
Painful family events lead Augusta to leave Ita...
Pauline, a beguiling woman in her 60s, returns ...
                                               NaN
In a small mountain village lives a man with a ...
                                               NaN
                                               NaN
                                               NaN
An accident involving a 16-years old prompts pr...
A comedy about generational conflict between tw...
A university researcher is fired because of the...
                                               NaN
The life story of Italian violinist and compose...
When their parents die, Bianca starts to smoke ...
The Rascal and The Scatterbrain - is their love...
Mano (Francisco Miguez) é um adolescente de 15 ...
                                               NaN
                                               NaN
Louise meets Nathan, her dreams resurface. It's...
Milan. Behind the windows of the city’s buildin...
A ne'er-do-well who's married to a millionnaire...
                                               NaN
The stories of three young men who, in the wake...
                                               NaN
The last few years in the life of Armida Misere...
In northern Canada, a young boy sets a goal for...
                                               NaN
                                               NaN
A fictional tale based on the true events of th...
                                               NaN
                                               NaN
A group of Italian villagers struggle to surviv...
                                               NaN
Cesare Botero (Nanni Moretti), a young and corr...
                                               NaN
                                               NaN
Directed by Gian Tavarelli, Liberi (Break Free)...
                                               NaN
A mentally ill man's life suddenly changes with...
The vicissitudes of a newly graduated girl in t...
Racial integration is Elena's profession and pa...
The film follows Nello, the recently hired dire...
                                               NaN
                                       No overview
Ex is a 2009 film directed and co-written by Fa...
                                               NaN
Corrupt and sleazy entrepreneur Cetto La Qualun...
                                               NaN
Amanzio Rastelli appointed several of his relat...
                                               NaN
The ape-man, found somewhere in the jungles of ...
                                               NaN
In 1994 South Korea, a female North Korean spy ...
A killer of young women is loose in an exclusiv...
Renowned "ghost hunter", Carter Simms is paid t...
In March of 2011, three filmmakers disappeared ...
When the staff inside a renovated film studio f...
A wife's husband is cheating on her. She decide...
Following the sudden death of their last surviv...
A Bet's A Bet tells the story of Vince, New Eng...
When Simon, Rich, and Eva head out on an eagerl...
Two briefcases with mysterious contents are sto...
When Harry Poole tries out a new medication for...
                                               NaN
Five highly qualified applicants interview for ...
In Las Vegas for a quicky divorce, a just-parol...
Before boxes are unpacked in their new home, ne...
Four friends pay the ultimate price,when they s...
                                No overview found.
A homicide detective begins a torrid affair wit...
A group of complete strangers find themselves i...
In front of his 15-year-old son, a father loses...
A giant alligator goes head to head with a gian...
A documentary about the development and spread ...
State secrets, sincere convictions, ecstatic cr...
20 years after a horrific accident during a sma...
An orphaned war-veteran routinely travels betwe...
A young man is found bruised, beaten and stumbl...
Aïdar, a young Kyrgyz man returns home from his...
Funny guy Christian Finnegan gabs in his disarm...
With a manic wit that transcends race and relig...
Flying from his enemies in the Catholic Church,...
Natalie and Nick are frustrated with their luck...
In an alternate Japan, territorial street gangs...
A Butler (Powell) gets elected to the Hungarian...
Three young boys learn the art of kung fu from ...
Sharon Hinnendael stars as Charlotte, a timid a...
In post-Civil War Kentucky, young David Burnic ...
Wang Shuangli is Deputy Director of the local C...
Spirit Lake is unusually deep. No diver has eve...
A mosaic of several intertwined stories questio...
In the second half of the 19th century, Eadwear...
Every 24 hrs. after a child's been kidnapped by...
Hannah keeps the law in "the wickedest city on ...
Brooklyn Boheme is a love letter to a vibrant A...
A DNA experiment on a rare breed of spider is t...
A music group and a journalist cross the region...
Television news celebrity April Carson turns to...
The efforts of the Pakistani security forces in...
The film is about the difficult situation in wh...
A serial killer, called the Iguana, is terroriz...
NESHOBA tells the story of a Mississippi town s...
When a rumor spreads through the neighborhood t...
March 22, 2067. At dawn of life, Milana remembe...
                                               NaN
This Oscar-winning animated short film tells th...
A rough and tumble man of the sea falls for a m...
Insurance salesman Milford Farnsworth sells a m...
Sgt. Chuch Brennan always disliked playboy and ...
Dennis Rodman is on a mission. After forging an...
This film is based on the true life story of We...
A two-fisted Canadian Mountie leads lawmen in p...
In this western, a Mexican desperado tries to f...
A group of ghost hunters must up their game to ...
Ben has been single for a long time. For his pa...
A crew of scientists arrives on a far, cold pla...
Earth as we know it is gone. A virus has destro...
When a group of teenagers stumble upon a secret...
An experimental submarine, the "Siren II", with...
Lonely and disturbed Jacob Kell loved his littl...
Lucky is a small time criminal and he's happy j...
Based on the true story of the mass murderer Je...
Twisted, apocalyptic satire, THIS IS NOT A MOVI...
Five college friends go on a hiking trip in a r...
When a seemingly fun party goes horribly awry, ...
Mo Ali’s futuristic knife-crime drama brings th...
The adventure unfolds as Tom Sawyer and Huck Fi...
When happy family man Joe Dirt finds himself tr...
Bank teller Mike Donovan (Barry Sullivan) takes...
Reese, an elite member of a covert unit of Ninj...
A man embarks on a road trip to find his lost l...
P.C. George Dixon (Warner) a long-serving tradi...
The Death of 'Superman Lives': What Happened? f...
A joyous romp through the dance, food, music, f...
A pretty fashion buyer visiting Paris on busine...
A USSR-made violent farcical yet quite faithful...
An insurance agent's greedy girlfriend with a t...
When Danny and his gang attempt to rob the ware...
From National Lampoon, the masters of raunchy c...
After saving each other from jumping off a brid...
Sweet Revenge was originally shipped out as Dan...
Nancy Allen plays an investigative news reporte...
The wisp of a storyline involves two-bit radio ...
A former footballer living in Brittany enlists ...
The world had rarely seen a frenzy as the one t...
Danish journalist Rikke Lyngvig is taken hostag...
In the summer of 1928, several inmates from the...
A young girl, Margaret Dauncey, is caught betwe...
Following the dealings of a Melbourne-based hit...
A slapstick fantasy of the amorous adventures o...
A young, beautiful woman marries a rich old bli...
İskender (Cem Yılmaz) hokkabazdır. Yani aslında...
Bibi is a world class escape artist, but he can...
This Pirates of Penzance is primarily a histori...
The great hypnotist Professor Montserrat has de...
Teens camping in a northern California retreat ...
U.S. Treasury Department agents go after a ring...
Asylum is a taut psychological thriller about a...
A group of college students accidentally see a ...
After nearly running over him with her cab, Pat...
An older film critic's life is interrupted by a...
January 2010: In the buckle of the Bible Belt, ...
A spin-off scenario taking place after the even...
Kevin Gant was an inspired and beloved Austin m...
Aladdin the adventurer and his friend Ali accid...
Legendary all-stars of cinema bring to life the...
Get ready to Rock! Scooby-Doo and the Mystery I...
A 1975 Alice Cooper concert hosted by Vincent P...
An updated 21st century version of the Emily Br...
A peaceful California town is shaken after the ...
Living in exile after the death of their father...
A vampire pretender who is murdering women runs...
Pepe Benengeli is a second-class cyclist, only ...
A film by Bernard Rose, based on the novel by L...
How many stories can one hotel room tell? Watch...
Three ex-cons kidnap a famous movie star and fo...
Psychopath Debbie Strand escapes from a mental ...
  The true story of serial killer Henry Lee Lucas.
Zach ambushes his girlfriend to catch her cheat...
A modern-day romance that follows one man's que...
A suspenseful drama about a young couple on a r...
In 2010 six reality television show contestants...
Physicist Eva Soderstrom discovers greedy indus...
A device that controls a powerful Russian-made ...
Set in a 19th century village, a young man stud...
Families in an idyllic suburban neighborhood ar...
Shy teenager Megan moves to a new town with her...
A story of a married couple with two children, ...
Three guys (John Cena, Tomasz Karolak, John Fry...
Karol has everything. He has three mistresses i...
The film is set in the Tricity in 2003, ten yea...
In the nuclear ravaged wasteland of Earth 2087 ...
After witnessing the brutal murder of an elderl...
A coming-of-age story about an eleven-year-old ...
This intriguing mixture of melodrama and politi...
Paul is preparing to leave Tajikistan, while th...
Germany in Autumn does not have a plot per se; ...
Saul Leiter could have been lauded as the great...
A woman who survived the brutal killing of her ...
Amy Sanchez (Bebe Pham) is a champion free dive...
Several teenagers in a small-town in Colorado c...
Claire is a young woman who leads a somewhat fo...
Screen adapatation of Mozart's greatest opera. ...
A young woman disguises herself as a knight to ...
Four inseparable high-school seniors gain from ...
When five childhood friends reunite for a weeke...
A three-tiered story centered on a trio of Fren...
The 1975 film adaptation of Mozart's famous ope...
A part of Joan of Arc's life. At the beginning,...
The second film covers Joan's trial and the end...
The film follows the story of three girls in co...
An international intrigue with terrorists threa...
Nolan Mack, a soft-spoken bank employee, undoub...
In 1983 the upstart United States Football Leag...
“The NFL Today” on CBS was one of the preeminen...
Throughout the 1980s, Miami, Florida, was at th...
Ricky Williams does not conform to America’s de...
In 1982, Cody Webster and a small group of frie...
The first time Chris Evert and Martina Navratil...
When the night of October 16, 2004 came to a me...
Drazen Petrovic and Vlade Divac were two friend...
From 1981-1984, a small private school in Dalla...
A look into the 100-meter final at the 1988 Seo...
A close look at two-sport athlete Bo Jackson an...
ESPN's critically acclaimed documentary series ...
Director Sam George chronicles the remarkable l...
A look at the improbable run of Jimmy Connors a...
The world couldn't keep its eyes off two athlet...
                   Documentary about the Big East.
Revolves around three friends who have dream we...
In a Turkish village, five orphaned sisters liv...
Inspired by the song Tenderly Jack Lawrence and...
Two young friends embark on a road trip across ...
The story of a journalist in southern Germany w...
Five stories, five maestros, five styles and on...
A Black samurai goes on a mission to avenge the...
Narrowly escaping the clutches of Lord Guizei a...
Dass specialises in small time kidnapping and h...
Veyil is a 2006 Tamil-language film directed by...
The story is set in a rural area around Madurai...
An omnibus of 42 short films by auteur director...
Lee Hazlewood's album “Cowboy in Sweden” presen...
Hardflip follows the story of Caleb (Randy Wayn...
A young mute girl from Pakistan loses herself i...
Subramaniapuram (Tamil: சுப்ரமணியபுரம்) is a 20...
A small-time thief is asked by a cop to infiltr...
                                               NaN
A conman gains the power to see and communicate...
Aadhavan (Tamil: ஆதவன்) is a 2009 Tamil action ...
                                               NaN
Francesco, nicknamed 'Toscano', is a very good ...
Lanky Fellow has a typical cynical SW like way ...
The Pinkerton detective agency uncovers a plot ...
Following a mysterious decapitation (via mechan...
Fabio Testi is an undercover cop doubling as th...
A dying woman’s wish sends her son on a train j...
Despite the restoration of Soviet power in the ...
The setting is Central Asia during the Russian ...
Set in the rural village of White Storks, the s...
The film is a sequel to Tanu Weds Manu (2011), ...
The overnight stock crew of a local supermarket...
Two barbarians in the desert find a stranded wh...
This feature documentary is a portrait of Peter...
Alex, blind since the age of two, dreams of run...
A botanist woos the secretary of an industriali...
Based on the short story by Stephen King, this ...
Walkout is the true story of a young Mexican Am...
Four friends take a road trip to kick back, hit...
A special operations unit races to find and pre...
CANAL ZONE is about the people who live and wor...
Before leaving for college, a recently dumped g...
Fleeing the wrath of man-eating vixens who've t...
A New York City detective teams up with a feder...
A geneticists working on a drug to stop ageing ...
An affluent woman is framed for the murder of h...
The double life of Methodist minister's wife ca...
Identical twins are born, one is good and one i...
When someone tries to murder watchmaker Eddy Ka...
For the past 33 years Jeremiah Hill has lived a...
While on a vacation in Central America, some Am...
In an erotic update of "Strangers on a Train", ...
Dumbbells is a light-hearted buddy comedy set a...
Seven strangers find themselves trapped inside ...
Dracula's wife, Vanessa, comes back to life and...
Two policeman are sent on a routine assignment ...
Adam (Robin Nielsen) works as a junior associat...
Based on actual accounts, The Untold is the sto...
A young filmmaker documents his ghost-hunting, ...
Known for his wild hair and his often-imitated ...
After almost drowning in a lake, Madison finds ...
After the earth’s water supply is depleted, the...
A random group of people wake up on an Island w...
For 5 billion years the Earth's core has operat...
Four divers are stuck deep underwater in a vess...
When the reckless actions of an out-of-control ...
A psychopath uses a family's high tech security...
Tired of her bland marriage, Emma moves in with...
Heaven Adores You is an intimate, meditative in...
Based on the acclaimed memoir by renowned guita...
Leviathan: The Story of Hellraiser and Hellboun...
When misleading photos are published of securit...
When her mother is killed in a mysterious house...
James prepares for his eighth grade oral exams ...
Horror - The story of a US Marine who has just ...
The virus came so fast no one had time to prepa...
Welcome to America's Most Haunted, the paranorm...
A meteor lands in Jamestown California in 1849 ...
On Saturday, May 17th, 2008, police responded t...
Pavel has a good job in the village factory and...
Marek, the main character of "Palimpsest," is a...
The first motion picture film by Agnieszka Holl...
What do you do when the party of the year kicks...
In the 1820s, a frontiersman, Hugh Glass, sets ...
In the reign of emperor Tiberius, Gallilean pro...
Desperate for companionship, a lonely, young Pa...
Cock Robin (John Gilbert) is the swaggering bal...
Bologna 1938 - Michele Casali (Silvio Orlando) ...
The arrival of an attractive young teacher in a...
The aging, conservative population of a small, ...
                                               NaN
                                No overview found.
A woman, a man, a summer in Paris. Passion, bre...
A dramatization of the life of Earl 'The Goat' ...
On a small town college campus, a philosophy pr...
A fantasy film with horror elements, "The Tale ...
Every time the beautiful Regina rejects his adv...
Lola Bunny invents a perfume with the adverse e...
A single mother becomes Ariel Castro's first ki...
A minor diplomatic functionary stumbles upon a ...
When six pals escape the chaos of the city for ...
Lonny Smith, a young man with a suitcase full o...
Action/horror story centered on a secret organi...
Jasin and his vampire brood's time is running o...
Christopher Columbus believes he can find an al...
When a small house flipping group discovers tha...
The greedy Braylon owns the Just Rite Sugar Com...
What is the ultimate horror? For Holland Price,...
Detective Burt Williams has been on the trail o...
Biography of Mohammed Ali Jinnah, the founder o...
Sergio driving a taxi in a white Naples overflo...
Jeong Do-man is a low-ranking traffic cop whose...
A pregnant woman is abandoned by her lover. Enr...
Camp Belvidere is a lesbian romance set in the ...
The true story of a high-school history teacher...
Helina, a modest checkout assistant at the Butt...
Ichiko and Eri are two beautiful Japanese unive...
The plot concerns a yeti who makes a pact with ...
Hage, the Holy Spirit, is writing a musical, wh...
An aspiring hair dresser (Kuriyama) becomes the...
A waitress with boyish looks and the gay driver...
Commercial director Serge Faberge (Serge Gainsb...
In Japan, the daycare teacher Kyoko Okudera is ...
Emiri, a timid high school girl, is bullied mer...
Based on a true story, Tod Lubitch is born with...
August 1944 two months after D-Day, the Allies ...
In the Mexican state of Michoacán, Dr. Jose Mir...
Emma has a strong aversion towards her family’s...
All fourteen-year-old Robbie Hendrick ever want...
Greg,an unsuccessful screenwriter and Rachel,a ...
Greta's dad Tom is moving the family cross-coun...
A recent college graduate sets out to win back ...
When winter begins, life is serene for a group ...
Track list : 1. Bulletproof Cupid, 2. Allergic ...
Newlyweds Alex and Alice host a New Year's Eve ...
Cheol-Min, a man with a dark, picks up a part-t...
When a young woman is brutally killed by an int...
An ultra-violent and ultra-gritty tale of despe...
Spencer turns to his best friend who's planned ...
Seeking escape from his stalled relationship an...
Man-boy farmer Donal discovers that his father ...
Struggling 'B' movie Director blackmails a seri...
The young Shivudu is left as a foundling in a s...
Gaspard Dassonville may be 63 but he stubbornly...
On their way through the Battle Frontier, Ash a...
With her husband jailed for Wall Street-based f...
A group of teenagers in San Francisco discover ...
Young, ace assistant DA, Shelby Cook, works wit...
Daniel is a young man. Daniel is a student and ...
Yellowbird lives in the ruins of an old house. ...
Hard-hitting character study that's based on th...
"I Am Steve McQueen" tells the incredible life ...
Electrical Girl centers around a horny young wo...
In 1998 Marco Pantani, the most flamboyant and ...
As her marriage dissolves, a Manhattan writer t...
Nowadays, four Italian young adults longing to ...
A young Tamil-postgraduate, who, frustrated wit...
This is the story of a teenager at the turn of ...
Five individuals from five nations, including t...
Pilo is a 10-year-old boy who lives with his mo...
When Altan swipes prescription drugs from his b...
Yuki lives at home in peace until one day a uni...
In order to keep his ailing son alive, an impov...
A documentary that explores the potential dange...
A World War II veteran returns to the Philippin...
                                               NaN
A young couple, Kaia and Andrew, are renovating...
Film from Andrew Morgan.  The True Cost is a do...
Psychiatrist Dr. Yehia returns to El-Abbaseya H...
Nothing is as it seems as an ex-con and aspiran...
It's the end of the world. A flood is coming. L...
Billy "The Great" Hope, the reigning junior mid...
A young female FBI agent joins a secret CIA ope...
The film chronicles the rise and fall of a corr...
                                               NaN
An unstable computer programmer seeks revenge w...
Walking With Destiny highlights Churchill's yea...
In the heat of the summer lays a lonesome house...
After Tommy Sparrow is severely wounded in a co...
Tom Fiorini (Anthony Michael Hall, The Dead Zon...
A woman struggles to cut the ties between her f...
After the murder of a police inspector, his wid...
A dramedy about relationships and fidelity, or ...
The Year That Trembled is a 1970 coming-of-age ...
Trapped overnight by an unknown assailant, a ba...
In 1945, a young boy arrives in a small Georgia...
A lonely teen troubled by a past family tragedy...
A lonely hotel by a lonely road. Sarah is lost,...
The Spirit Stalkers reality show, once a big hi...
A College professor finds his life unraveling w...
When an alcoholic detective fights to find a mu...
Joseph Bologna stars as Bill Bonanno in this ma...
Antoine and Laurent, old friends, spend their v...
A rag tag unit of misfits known as the War Pigs...
A story about two lifelong criminals who maneuv...
A Todd Barry show consists of two things: amazi...
A socially awkward teenage math prodigy finds n...
An evil is unleashed in a small town when a log...
Simple story about the man who comes to the bea...
Desperate to put the traumatic loss of their in...
The Crisis Civilization is a documentary featur...
Officer Kip White (Ben Kobold) is on a one-man ...
A Falklands War soldier missing, believed dead,...
An outbreak of avian flu mutates into a virus t...
A woman who is robbed on her way to catch the 1...
An unexpected first kiss causes Gabriel to feel...
1808. The Napoleonic Army suffers its first def...
Private eye Edward Mercer (Richard Todd) travel...
A documentary about the legendary series of nat...
Giant lava breathing tarantulas – Lavalantulas ...
When a mad scientist mixes the genes of a kille...
Woman who is obsessed with death wants a first-...
An aspiring Indian tech entrepreneur in the Sil...
Three vixens have meditated for 1,000 years to ...
A young woman, Chloe, living by her wits on the...
A documentary about Caroll Spinney who has been...
Join Rip Esselstyn, former Texas firefighter an...
Four scientists craft a machine to reanimate de...
Documentary investigating the supply chain of c...
Stand-up comedian Eugene Mirman takes his act t...
Price, a former hitman, is struggling to cope w...
                                               NaN
Kenji is a small thief who likes drinking and f...
A down on his luck young man makes several atte...
An embarrassing video of Anthony surfaces onlin...
After joining the Skulls, Ryan Sommers (Robin D...
A young college co-ed tries joining the elite, ...
The true story of Rocco Granata, an Italian coa...
Three teenage friends get in way over their hea...
Promethean Kinetics has created Helios, a revol...
In the crime world of Colombia, there is an unw...
In rural Indiana, Noah and his impoverished fam...
Heist thriller and adaptation of Ian Rankin's b...
Sometimes, when you think you have it all, ever...
Kunhikuttan, a famous Kathakali dancer, meets S...
Bill Burnett, a resident of Bali, visits New Yo...
Paris 2020, a high tech surgeon and her daughte...
                                No overview found.
There is something strange - some would even sa...
His teachers, coaches, childhood friends and Ba...
In an effort to do something different, four fr...
A mad scientist transfers his mind to a wicked ...
An 8-year-old girl named Peach makes a wish and...
Sing's last two films were flops, but he is giv...
A shy and reluctant Theology high school teache...
A surreal account of Lizzie as she struggles to...
In the middle of the Aegean Sea, six men on a f...
Seven young women.\n A mansion perched on a Cyc...
A migrant cyborg (Lizzie Curry Martinez) wander...
Harris, a 16 year old boy spends his day skateb...
A man crippled by the mundanity of his life exp...
A young woman's desperate search for her abduct...
Freed of her responsibilities with the 501 Orga...
Posing as lovers on vacation, Motoko and Batou ...
The upcoming installment's story takes place am...
Set in post-colonial India, Qissa tells the sto...
Up the Himalayas... Up the Yang-tze... Up in a ...
The exploding cork. Endless tiny bubbles floati...
Starring John Barrymore as Holmes and Roland Yo...
Documentary on the 1838 Cherokee removal from t...
A man opens fire on the statue of the Virgin du...
In 1995, Stephen Fry was performing in Simon Gr...
Berlin’s notorious Neukoelln district. The near...
A documentary about a political troupe headed b...
A young boy from a working-class family and a b...
After relocating to New York, former lovers fee...
When four best friends try and move forward in ...
Set four years after the first movie, Lin Xiao,...
Lin Xiao, Gu Li, Nan Xiang, Tang Wanru - these ...
Agasyta, an urban bengali who seamlessly shuttl...
Jin Ying is currently experiencing two of life’...
A road movie that follows three young men yearn...
Young pilot Branson (Louis Koo) recently takes ...
Nancy Grace's THE ELEVENTH VICTIM is a taut sus...
Corporate smuggling of South American killer be...
An ex-mercenary is enlisted back into the life ...
James Earl Jones narrates this examination of t...
Michel, who's crazy about jazz, has just found ...
By day, Richard Haig is a successful and well-r...
During World War II, a hand-picked group of Ame...
A space ship crash lands on the third planet of...
In a small village in China's Yunnan region, Xi...
                                               NaN
Brancaleone è di nuovo in viaggio con la sua ba...
Antonio Gramsci: The Days of Prison is a 1977 I...
In Milan, Matteo is an underemployed physicist,...
                                               NaN
In this bizarre and darkly comic fantasy, Anton...
                                               NaN
Ugo Fantozzi has been ejected from Heaven and i...
In 1944 in Tuscany, a group of boxers facing th...
                                               NaN
Fantozzi is now retired but continues to go to ...
Ciottoli is a journalist with absolutely no pro...
After thirty years in the big corporation, Ugo ...
                                               NaN
Funny, entertaining comedy with a few storyline...
Frenetic in its pacing and with miniscule chara...
Fracchia is desperate: he has to sell a house w...
Hard and dangerous service. Needed to extinguis...
                                No overview found.
                                               NaN
The world's greatest criminal and the world gre...
Josh Fosse is a 20something guy whose life is g...
Identical twins Andy and Pete Goodwynn have bee...
A group of student film makers are creating "Pr...
This time the "amici" (friends) are just four: ...
                                               NaN
Engineer Quiller has become rich by selling his...
Asso, THE best poker-player in town, was killed...
Cristina is a rich, spoiled princess visiting R...
Taddeus is the manager of the Grand Hotel Excel...
Forty-something Mattia has every woman in town ...
Four stories of love are interwoven on the beau...
Traveling from New York to Italia, pretty Mary ...
Mutual attraction leads two married couples to ...
Kitty and Stud are lovers. They enjoy a robust ...
A modern advanced film about sexual education a...
In a highly secured vault deep within the walls...
Les Barons ont une devise : "glander plus pour ...
A documentary analyzing the furore which so-cal...
Macabea has just moved to the big city after he...
A Newark, New Jersey high school teacher strugg...
Itou Kaiji is a bum who steals car emblems and ...
3 years after the ultimate life-or-death game w...
Hannah, a young Jewish girl, is rescued from a ...
The "Brigatte Veneno" is a fan group from the s...
A teenage Quebecer in the 1960s evolves from pr...
A twist of fate leaves a hapless accountant rom...
The beauty of the land cannot mask the brutalit...
When a bitter rivalry between two brothers fina...
Ágata suffers from a psychological disorder whi...
A couple goes on a hike in the woods, and the w...
A story that revolves around three sisters who ...
Akira (Hayato Ichihara) admires Genyo Kamiura w...
70-year-old widower Ben Whittaker has discovere...
Peter Gimbel and a team of photographers set ou...
The Joker is aided in his Halloween quest to re...
13-year-old Sam Steele Jr. forms his own privat...
Vishwam and Sita, who resist the opposition fro...
St. Nick is the story of a brother and sister o...
An orthodox Jewish teen living with her family ...
And suddenly, overnight, the world came to a ha...
A L.A. Private Eye is hired by a worried mother...
A middle-aged man tries to get by in Milan whil...
Running away from the police, Aden goes to the ...
Two men embark on an unconventional romance in ...
Bhuvan Shome is a lonely widower, a proud old m...
James Pembroke, a powerful industrialist, has b...
Steven Ray was never quite normal. But when tra...
Tai is 17 years old. Naim is 20. She's Israeli....
A culmination of Chelsea Handler's stand-up com...
Longinotto's documentary is about Brenda Myers-...
This is a David and Goliath story of one veteri...
A documentary that follows three women who perf...
American Courtesans is a feature documentary th...
A present-day idyllic kingdom where the benevol...
Murphy is an American living in Paris who enter...
This illuminating documentary profiles Crazy Ho...
George and Gracie enter an elegant drawing room...
After inheriting a house from the family she ne...
Years after his wife Kate died, Ned Stevens sti...
Jack is a young boy of 5 years old who has live...
                                               NaN
A casual punch of Miguel "El Tarta" during a fo...
GONE WITH THE POPE stars Duke Mitchell as Paul,...
A group of strangers wake up in an abandoned ho...
After his best friend dies in an unexpected acc...
How far will you go to protect your family? Jor...
Crystal, a rich party girl, finds a little girl...
A Theatrical Documentary Synopsis "Inside Hana'...
The Monstruitas of Monster High are obsessed wi...
William Douglas Street is bored with his life. ...
                                               NaN
During an all-night, drug-fueled party at an ab...
When Lou's romantic plot to win the heart of hi...
The story of Alex, who, with the help of his ch...
Antoine is a musician. The forties, he suddenly...
Experience the beginning of the legend with Dis...
On the night of a sleepover, a group of teenage...
As World War Two rages on, the allies are about...
Christopher Price, a small-town bank executive,...
After the shocking murder of her mother, a girl...
Long before Green Day and Blink 182 inflicted p...
The film opens with Shaymin as Dialga appears. ...
In post-Katrina New Orleans, a Syrian-born pain...
Six people are trapped within the confines of t...
In the aftermath of the BP oil spill, an ideali...
Through round after round of extensive plastic ...
Set in Japan in the early 1990s, there's one ri...
Toru Kojima and his friend Koji are young stude...
A story about three friends who just turned twe...
A husband and wife try to reinvigorate their re...
As scripted by Quebecois raconteur Fred Pelleri...
                                               NaN
Eric Swain and Troy Bernier are scientists by d...
A beautiful woman doesn't know if the killer is...
An aspiring poet in 1950s New York has his orde...
Using engaging interviews and arresting visuals...
When George Carlin is asked which HBO concert i...
New England in the 1630s: William and Katherine...
Based on a true story. Liz Murray is a young gi...
Mary is a senior in high school. With graduatio...
Tales of the Night is renowned animation auteur...
Yvan finds a burglar in his house. After some c...
In the middle of a snowy no man's land, Charlot...
Six ambitious forensic undergrads are pitted ag...
Men &amp; Chicken is a black comedy about two o...
A teenager transitions from female to male, and...
After managing to survive attacks by Zeon's Cha...
Amuro Ray and the rest of the White Base crew, ...
The Man Who Saved the World is feature document...
Documentary about the wild music scene in West ...
Desperate for a good story, a sex-addicted jour...
Beirut, 1982: a young Palestinian refugee and a...
        The making of Edward Dmytryk's "Crossfire"
An innocent Mexican boy is sacrificed to a lync...
Uncle John revolves around the struggle to keep...
Florida Justice Transitions is home to 120 conv...
The movie is based on the fascinating, true sto...
Rex is a loner, and when he's told he doesn't h...
A tiger escapes from a circus truck as it passe...
China is in unrest, as the Republic falls prey ...
              Comedian Chris Tucker performs live.
Prithviraj is a police officer named Sam Alex, ...
Mumbai Police tells the friendship of 3 police ...
The Orator (O Le Tulafale) is a contemporary dr...
A 14 year old genius gets rejected by Harvard a...
Nojima Satoshi (Okada Junichi) is a photographe...
About a convicted murderer awaiting execution, ...
A story about the rise and fall of Zyga - a Pol...
When the young republic of The Netherlands is a...
The story follows the love story of two volcano...
The story of Johnson Whittaker, one of the firs...
In this feature-length film based on the "Flint...
CSS Hunley tells the incredible true story of t...
Gabriel Iglesias entertains a packed house at E...
Displaying his comic chops and impeccable timin...
An unprecedented examination of the impact the ...
Bill Cosby shares his hilarious new observation...
A father and the former nanny to his children p...
The Doctor joins forces with his oldest compani...
Nomi Kanjuro (Takaaki Nomi) is a master less sa...
It's the gold rush era in the Wild West. A myst...
A four-film omnibus  that features four short a...
Rikki is a young mongoose who is adopted by a h...
A thrilling Cavalry-versus-Indians adventure st...
A beautiful young woman asks Holmes to help her...
When a serial killer mysteriously and savagely ...
Cantinflas is a private, who doesn't know anyth...
When the matriarch of the family suddenly dies,...
Based on the book by Caroline B. Cooney, a girl...
A biography of the Three Stooges, in which thei...
It tells of the events before the film, in whic...
Danny is a smart little girl. She lives at the ...
                                               NaN
Four orphan boys running from the law in New Yo...
A story about the great basketball player "Pist...
A ski-shop owner reluctantly moves himself, his...
An embittered WWII veteran returns to his grand...
An animated film from 1999 based on the famous ...
In Ireland in 1961, Hellboy enters a ruined tow...
In the days of King Henry IV,stalwart young Myl...
The evil Dr. Zin has genetically modified house...
A nightclub singer and his partner escape mobst...
A dying Doctor, who plans to check out on his o...
Framed for the escape of five gladiators from t...
Charley is a workaholic family man that finds o...
Serial - sequel to Superman (1948); Superman fa...
Superman comes to Earth as a child and grows up...
A Super Computer plans world domination with th...
A romantic comedy about a young interior decora...
A Nebraska farm community is plagued by a storm...
A restaurant owner falls in love with an opera ...
Set in the rarefied world of West End boutique ...
A barrister (Robertson Hare) attempts to discou...
Two little boys have faith in a dog they name P...
Director Kurt Neumann's 1957 film version of th...
Serial - First screen adaptation of Timely Comi...
                                               NaN
TV adaptation of the campy 1960s Broadway music...
The continuing adventures of Anne Shirley in Ne...
After being away for awhile, Andy Taylor return...
Ponch (Erik Estrada) has returned to the police...
A young MBA mistakenly interviews for the wrong...
Cop by day, masked crusader by night, the fearl...
Darcy is a cop who is also a supehero named Bla...
Darcy is back on the force, but still fights on...
The fairy tale story of the actress who became ...
The film spans from Hepburn's early childhood t...
Mama Josephine Max wants to build a theme park ...
Based a on a true story about two sisters who c...
Time passes and things change. So have Scott an...
Jarod reunites with two old friends and unleash...
After receiving two separate marriage proposals...
The staff of the island resort need the aid of ...
Through a series of bizarre circumstances, Jaro...
When a decaying Russian satellite crashes on th...
When a renegade Russian general sends a nuclear...
Two best friends plot to get their single paren...
"A Season on the Brink: A Year with Bob Knight ...
The sequel to the Star Wars parody "Blue Harves...
The old friends from "The Mary Tyler Moore Show...
Michael Jordan: An American Hero is an American...
The behind the scenes story of "The Partridge F...
In 2000, VH-1 produced the television biopic Da...
Jackie is a boy who is so trapped by his fears ...
It is the story of an American soldier who wake...
Lamont Cranston assumes his secret identity as ...
Indian Agent sent to try new approach to peace ...
Meeting in a navy recruiting line, Al Crowthers...
Based on the beloved book by Scott O'Dell, this...
Nothing warms the heart like the story of a boy...
A young woman takes off with a charming strange...
A UFO enthusiast interviews Dan Aykroyd on the ...
What do you get when you cross a cute rambuncti...
When Hellboy, Liz Sherman, and Abe Sapien are a...
The Greek Olimpian Gods engage in the human lif...
While participating in a contest at a local new...
Jess Wade is innocently accused of having stole...
A young man finds himself torn between his curr...
Duck faces winter alone having missed the migra...
The terrifying story of a brother and sister wh...
A tight-knit team of FBI investigators, along w...
The story was liberally adapted from a short se...
A young mother and her twin sons move into a ru...
After a storm hits their island, Yusuke (drivin...
Gwen is a young girl adopted by a nomad tribe i...
When a thirty-something couple set aside the ho...
A former hit-man for a drug cartel becomes a vi...
One night, Arlequin come to see his lover Colom...
According to the rapid strides that electricity...
"Percy Smith (1880-1944) was world famous as a ...
The first all-animated film in history, a serie...
                                A skeleton dances.
          Loïe Fuller performs a serpentine dance.
The leader of a marching band demonstrates an u...
Cartoon figures announce, via comic strip ballo...
Two cavemen, The Duke and Stonejaw Steve, call ...
An animated documentary short made by people wi...
Kathir is a young underachiever, frequently ven...
Jeff gives the most dangerous – and enlightenin...
The film follows a shy, talented musician who p...
Davey Haggart is quite certain of his paternity...
The Wilderness Family now face terrifying times...
The year is 1991, and Spud Milton's long walk t...
Banksy’s work now reportedly changes hands for ...
This film was shot entirely at the Gettysburg N...
The movie's main storyline follows the life of ...
I am Chris Farley tells his hilarious, touching...
Vienna, 1956. After Soviet tanks crush the Hung...
Charming tale of mountaineer-trapper Murphy's f...
A young cavalry officer is assigned the job of ...
When whites hunger after the gold on Ute Indian...
Professor Preobrazhensky puts courageous experi...
                                               NaN
Bumbling R&D inventors Bruce and Lloyd get out ...
In response to Morgan Spurlock's COMIC-CON: A F...
BBC 3 follows actor and comedian Russell Brand,...
In this personal journey for BBC Three, Russell...
The breakout of the war shatters the world of a...
Tel Aviv, Summer 1989. Boaz, a beautiful and al...
Two brothers team up to battle a creature under...
A feature documentary about the journey of mank...
Jackson and Emily aren't like the other kids. T...
When a California teen with an interest in the ...
In this movie, Maggie Lawson plays Nancy Drew. ...
A new socialistic city is being built on the Da...
The movie is set in the actual "Ki Mit Tud?" ta...
Miklós Fenyö's parents returned to Communist Hu...
Four years in the making, Spirit of the Maratho...
According to demon lore, it takes hundreds of y...
Chuck Connors stars in this routine martial art...
Fresh-faced young Michael Rimmer worms his way ...
A cameraman embedded with a reconnaissance patr...
Police Commissioner Verrazzano (Luc Merenda) is...
In a traditional neighborhood of a small Lebane...
East Germany. Summer, late 70's. Three years af...
A lonely school teacher is kidnapped by the mob...
POW's rescued from tiger cages in Vietnam are b...
A drug-treated schizophrenic plagued by horribl...
When Marile is a little girl, she sees her fath...
The land of Altera has observed an uneasy peace...
A group of grad students have booked passage on...
A military group of men is locked up in a bunke...
A mother goes to Hollywood to find her runaway ...
The film chronicles George's adventures as he b...
Elizabeth and Darcy, now six years married and ...
American Ultra is a fast-paced action comedy ab...
In their new overseas home, an American family ...
In 1987, five young men, using brutally honest ...
This movie portrays three women living in today...
A merciless hit man rescues a prostitute from a...
A noble warrior must battle dragons and demons ...
At a school reunion dinner in a remote country ...
Two kids find themselves in the centre of a dea...
Kamran is a 12 year old boy in the present day ...
The chronicles of Chatterjee, an ambitious and ...
Lassiter is a handsome jewel thief operating in...
A detective investigates a mysterious motel roo...
Pip, a street kid just turning 18, receives his...
When a difficult foster child needs a home, a g...
This is a combination coming out and first love...
Story of a jewish man who discovers that his bo...
The story about Abby Jensen, a girl who's been ...
Following a year in the life of James Sanchez, ...
A gay man approaching a mid-life crisis is tire...
This is a fast-paced comedy about a 40-year-old...
Tired of the unsatisfying singles scene, Glenn ...
Long-term couple Simon and Jason, along with da...
Paul and Eddie have just begun previews for the...
Young girl (Kayla Amariah) falls in love with C...
Love never sounded so good, until Corey must de...
The true story of lifelong criminal and serial ...
Jaime has lost his job and has to provide for h...
Madoka Kaname, an ordinary middle-schooler, alo...
Eddie York (MacMurray) is mistaken for playboy ...
A look at the global culture and appeal of the ...
A German corporate headhunter travels to Housto...
We are with Pasolini during the last hours of h...
The neglected child of parents living on a comm...
Helga, a woman who runs a strict prison camp, f...
There is a true story of a woman who died in he...
Kelly, Dan and Louis are students at a prestigi...
The film is set inside a russian mansion and be...
After Air Force One goes down during a storm ov...
Sir Henry at Rawlinson End is a 1980 British fi...
After losing her parents, young flower selling ...
Leaving her provincial home, teenage Mutsuko ar...
Ex-football star turned skip-tracer, Turner spe...
A Taiwanese high school baseball team travels t...
Documenting Taiwan from an aerial perspective o...
100 years ago, titans suddenly appeared on Eart...
As Usagi and her friends enjoy Christmas vacati...
While enjoying the flower gardens, Sailor Moon ...
The wicked Badiyanu has come to capture all Ear...
Assigned to accompany two priests on a mission ...
It's Christmas Eve in Tinseltown and Sin-Dee is...
In 5th Century Britian, a young Merlin struggle...
In the near future, breathable air is nonexiste...
At 104 pounds dripping wet, baby-faced sophomor...
                                               NaN
Marking the 75th anniversary of his birth, Shot...
The 'Legend of Secret Pass' takes place in the ...
When Prince Malachy returns to his father’s kin...
A bunch of college kids accidentally unleash an...
After thugs brutalize a deaf-mute woman, the sp...
                                               NaN
The breath-taking story of a man who nearly wou...
Jérémie, 34, wakes up in an apartment he doesn'...
In Greece to scatter his father's ashes, Isaac ...
One clear summer day in a Baltimore suburb, a b...
Pinocchio 964 is a memory-wiped sex slave who i...
Known to her clients as Dagmar, she's a classy ...
INNER DEMONS follows an 'Intervention'-style re...
When Zhang Hui is told by long-time best friend...
Two friends make a bet. One of them - an A stud...
Young programmer and hacker Gena meets Khottaby...
A butterfly, a creature symbolising rebirth and...
Serena Bruno is an architect who studied and go...
A Seattle couple travel to New York to intervie...
Three boys escape from a youth prison in Spain,...
A personal, accessible look at an artist - Kevi...
Four children dream of escaping the tedium of a...
Two teenagers decide to attend attend São Paulo...
Four stories about love and self-acceptance: An...
At 52, traveling salesman Wolfgang Zenker (Edga...
Emiliano looks at his life with the eyes of a f...
Slow-burning and smart, French director Rémi La...
                                               NaN
A drama set in turbulent, turn-of-the-millenniu...
A man from Milan, Carmelo, is forced to take hi...
Ernesto (Martin Hahn) is a young Italian Jew of...
A beautiful housekeeper becomes a romantic attr...
Lorenz has three young children who are victims...
Young Alvise's body is paralyzed, or at least h...
On a dig in the remote Jordanian desert, maveri...
A story based on the life of a struggling Long ...
In 1987, Eddie Lee Sausage and Mitch Deprey rec...
'Tracks' is based on the true-story of a middle...
Harvey Keitel plays Penfield Gruber, a once gre...
Raghavan (Kamal Haasan) is an honest cop in Tam...
Based on Boris Akunin's novel 'Azazel' (English...
The film is based on the second book from the A...
Set in the 16th century, this is a story about ...
Russia, early 90s. A fictional story inspired b...
Jim Killeen googled his own name and made a doc...
When the members of a caravan of pioneers find ...
An inspirational story about the power of hope ...
                                               NaN
The story of a man who wakes up in bed sufferin...
The mafia has overrun a section of the country ...
Dallesandro gives a shockingly good performance...
I may be provincial and old-fashioned. I may be...
A masked superhero (Michael Coby) with a privat...
A young, impoverished German woman named Hanna ...
A man comes back from America after years to fi...
In this Swedish romance, a strapping farm boy i...
Astrée and her aunt from Sweden are vacationing...
Detective Regan Reilly and cleaning-woman-turne...
In a society where all social customs are based...
Teens Linda and Eta are inseparable friends, th...
Set in the year 2019 in Japan. In order to crac...
In this endearing supernatural love story spann...
Eccentric scientist Victor Von Frankenstein cre...
The story of a group of Rembetes, singers and m...
A riveting portrait of the great writer whose s...
Is it true what they say in Spamalot (“You won’...
The rise and fall of the Essex Boys gang - the ...
Documentary. The tranquil woods of the Loire Va...
Three miles north of Molkom, hidden deep in the...
Animalympics is all about the Animal Olympics C...
Greedy relatives hire a sensual caregiver to ha...
A teenager overcomes odds to run a 4-minute mil...
A rich kid and her friends investigate the disa...
                                               NaN
                                               NaN
Industrial Soundtrack For The Urban Decay trace...
Sister Cristina (Florinda Bolkan) plays a nun w...
In the Ottoman province of Hijaz during World W...
The films follows a man through the post apocal...
A sweeping overview of humanity’s accomplishmen...
                                               NaN
Using only a hammer and a chisel, a man spends ...
Four lives intersect along the Ganges: a low ca...
Just when Timo is trying to win back his ex-gir...
                                               NaN
During the reign of King Sejong, Joseon Dynasty...
1944. Primo Arcovazzi a fanatic member of Briga...
                                               NaN
Episode film about identical twin brothers. Mar...
                            Movie by Luciano Salce
An erotic comedy about the many affairs of a yo...
Greek painter Domenikos Theotokopoulos (Mel Fer...
This intimate documentary follows careers of tw...
In the history of sports, few names are more re...
Sujata (Nutan) is adopted by the Upedendranath ...
Devdas  is a 1955 film directed by Bimal Roy, b...
Irena Sendler is a Catholic social worker who h...
A comedy film which follows "The Fingers" a fic...
Based on the true story of Oberleutnant Franz v...
A man with a troubled past tries to settle down...
Sean Bean is back as the swashbuckling hero in ...
A doctor is shocked when his beloved colleague ...
A young woman begins to live life to the fulles...
Brothers is an upcoming Hindi film, directed by...
After living on the tough streets of LA for a w...
For the third time, HBO cameras go inside Trent...
2014 standup special originally aired on Comedy...
During the Cold War, an organization called "Pa...
A mischievous snake who assumes human form inte...
A middle-class couple go camping in Dorset, but...
A short comedy by Mike Leigh about the romance ...
"I'll blow up Mapo Bridge." An anonymous call c...
The Angrez is a 2006 Indian comedy movie direct...
Idiosyncratic new recruit Francis "Ike" Farrell...
Sadhu Agashe, a police officer in Mumbai, makes...
A cabbie and businessman both in need of big mo...
Maltazard, the Evil M, is now 7 feet tall and e...
Michael "Beau" Geste leaves England in disgrace...
A couple of college students decide to sign up ...
M. Harry Smilac is a down-on-his-luck music man...
A dozen foreigners are kidnapped by a terrorist...
A gambler is determined to capture the outlaw b...
A journalist's wife insists on adopting an aban...
KAOS has invented a weather machine so Maxwell ...
A modern day treasure hunt for a mystical relic...
Gary and Shay are two happy-go-lucky flower chi...
At fictional Harrad College students learn abou...
Two friends grow up together in the Sicily of t...
After being released from prison, a young gangs...
After years of painstaking research at the cost...
Allegedly based on a true incident reported on ...
Chester Wooley (Lou Costello) and Duke Egan (Bu...
The Greatest Ears in Town is an insightful docu...
The story of a family whose growth is stunted.....
Inspired by the true story of teenagers at Glou...
A troubled young woman (Birch) wakes up one day...
Syd Jarrett is an unsuspecting, down-and-out ma...
Demetri Martin brings his off-kilter take on ac...
A young woman is released from an asylum where ...
Heinz is a German soldier stationed as a sniper...
Federal Airlines ace pilot Chick Faber is groun...
An aviation engineer and a government secretary...
Teddy, an overworked New York office girl, seek...
Based on real events, A Hill in Korea charts th...
Biography of rock star Jimi Hendrix chronicles ...
A flirt tries to make her fiancée jealous by hi...
A family shipwrecked on an island must deal wit...
An artist returning from years abroad takes the...
A California congressman's wife and daughter ar...
A young detective falls in love with a witness ...
A Navy war hero (Douglas Fairbanks Jr.) marries...
A bounty hunter with a pregnant wife who is urg...
Shirley MacLaine plays herself in this TV mini-...
Broadway musical adaptation of the fabled child...
               Childrens' adventures in Neverland.
The chance of an innocent child's game will unv...
Since Larry works at a garage, he gets to use o...
Society lawyer Christopher Durant agrees to def...
Ray Liotta (Goodfellas) delivers an intense, el...
A disgruntled teenager, sent to do community se...
A Romanian peasant fights to get back to his fa...
Todd and Bruce, a hapless screenwriting team, g...
The Marseille Contract is a 1974 British thrill...
Selling author, Antoine Brisebard is a victim o...
A British actor insults a French acting group o...
Fighting men in World War II learn the value of...
An Englishman sought for murder escapes to Sout...
This Thriller/horror movie tells the tale of a ...
It was a bachelor’s life for hard-working and f...
A pregnant woman fears for her unborn child's l...
A bumbling government employee accidentally des...
When 12-year-old Jonas’ mother leaves to “fight...
In the near future in the Asian city-state Sint...
Roger Mason is a prisoner locked away in a futu...
Capable of making bio-mechanical weapons out of...
Lance Reed is forced by a psychotic stranger to...
In the future of post-Soviet and economically d...
In the city of Oedo 2808a.d., three Cyber crimi...
The story starts in the devastated rogue city o...
At some point in the near future gun and weapon...
THE BATTLE OF CHERNOBYL dramatically chronicles...
Tom is a middle-class city boy whose life has r...
One year after the drowning death of his young ...
A sci-fi short set in the not too distant futur...
In this action packed film, an L.A. cop speeds ...
In 2008 cybersex can only be surpassed by one t...
The year is 3313. Mankind is being systematical...
Jirô wanders the streets with friends committin...
Separated identical twins ride an Orient Expres...
A Budapest high school in the beginning of the ...
In the late 1990s, a drug-addled nihilist resor...
Holly loves Rob and tries to help him through h...
A futuristic love story set in a world where em...
Three North Shaolin teachers (Lu Feng, Chang Sh...
It is nearly ten years after Voyager's return f...
Three scouts and lifelong friends join forces w...
Centred around a former tennis champ who swings...
As war-ravaged South Sudan claims independence ...
Interview with Jason Holliday aka Aaron Payne, ...
By the order of King of Habasha Abraha, one of ...
A dark comedy about an eclectic group of strang...
The unofficial sequel to Oren Peli's Paranormal...
Based on true events about the foot soldiers of...
The happy life of an Eskimo is disastrously cha...
Set along a backdrop of a fictitious second wor...
Fabricating credentials to score a last-ditch j...
Isabel Jimenez is a teenager witnessing a horri...
Sentaro runs a small bakery that serves dorayak...
Aged eight, Victoria spends a night in the home...
A Palestinian comedy about women crammed in a t...
Fifteen-year-old Matteo is attractive, albeit s...
Ane is in her mid-forties and delighted when a ...
                                               NaN
After taking a wrong turn in their car, a young...
Thomas Gardesse, a traveling alarm systems sale...
Robbie Levinson and Trey McCoy suddenly encount...
Andre Braugher stars as Nick Atwater, the leade...
Clannad is set in a high-school located in some...
Interviews with five former American soldiers w...
This documentary takes a piercing investigative...
“Rising from Ashes” is a feature length documen...
A Retrovirus, which was conceived as a tool for...
The New Black is a documentary that tells the s...
Banned for few years in Italy due to its transg...
Eighty-nine year old trumpeting legend Clark Te...
To get to know the world he lives in, college k...
Directed by acclaimed filmmaker Martin Scorsese...
Julian, a middle-aged single doctor, meets his ...
Miles Kody, is a documentary filmmaker. As Mile...
A retro '70s vision of the future, IN THE DUST ...
Once upon a time, in almost every industrial ci...
Three different love stories, set in three cons...
In the 16th century in Chosun dynasty, HWANG Ju...
Sourced entirely from YouTube, converted and ed...
Noémie and Priscilla, two teenage girls from wo...
Now that Frollo is gone, Quasimodo rings the be...
High school student Kyosuke Shikijo is the most...
Ari and Oona go to the same school. Lolita-like...
While researching an urban legend on feral chil...
Start of nterstellar expedition equipped by "pi...
When Teela’s sister is murdered and a powerful ...
Three assassins deal with life, love, addiction...
Twenty-something Brooklynites Allie and Harper ...
Schizophrenic Ray tries to adjust to the outsid...
While his wife is undergoing slimming treatment...
Hae Gook (Park Hae Il) travels to a reclusive v...
"Wanderlust", the interesting documentary Shari...
The Price of Sex is a documentary about young E...
Classic tale of the poor gooseboy getting even ...
A unified team representing the two Koreas comp...
19 year old Wojtek lives in a poverty stricken ...
Dito Tsintsadze's drama focuses on a loner whos...
A detective pursues a man born from a wealthy f...
Assassination is set in Korea and Shanghai in t...
Race to Nowhere is a film containing stories of...
In a post-apocalyptic wasteland, an orphaned te...
A fantasy story based on Kornei Chukovsky class...
When a high school party goes dangerously off t...
Melissa has a bad case of sibling rivalry, only...
Zora Banks is a school teacher and aspiring sin...
It tells the story of two young friends who mus...
This is the first time ever that a film maker h...
In 1988, Oscar-winning German filmmaker Volker ...
A minister is malevolent and sinister behind hi...
Harriet Green, a beloved and radiant music hall...
A summer vacation in the 70s. Lalo and Bruno ar...
The final entry in a trilogy of films produced ...
Paulina is a young lawyer with a promising care...
A documentary propaganda film produced by the U...
A pregnant San Francisco Chinese teenage immigr...
An old man lives alone in a shabby cabin in a r...
In occupied France during the Franco-Prussian W...
Hockey coach Herb Brooks leads Mike Eruzione, J...
On May 9th, a female high school student was br...
Step into the ring with one of America's greate...
Biff and Eddie are the best of friends. They ar...
Mirabel wins a $5,000 lottery which will enable...
Chino is the tough leader of a motorcycle gang ...
This romantic fantasy movie is about two people...
Nigel Dennis publishes a scandal magazine. But ...
Over a 5-year period in Bridgend in Wales, 79 p...
Zurich is a musical roadmovie about Nina, who d...
Around midnight, a young couple and their trans...
A cinephile tries to protect his family by hidi...
                                               NaN
Mr Wickers and his class go on one final school...
Mary Class is a highly successful business exec...
The Unauthorized Saved by the Bell Story delves...
Young Cole Carter dreams of hitting the big tim...
A journey through the 1980s and beyond; the sto...
In 2033, Mexico City is a hot, mechanical and c...
Wild Combination is Matt Wolf’s acclaimed docum...
Spanning over two decades, "For the Love of Mon...
1974. Amidst power cuts, strikes and boot-boy a...
Two terminally ill patients in a hospital yearn...
A division of marines survive a battle with the...
In the 21st century, prisoners aboard penitenti...
The family-friendly movie explores the transfor...
Ninagawa is a powerful man in Japanese politics...
Sun is setting on Havana. Five friends are gath...
There was little chance, in the year 1971, that...
In this animated retelling of the story from th...
A backwoods lawyer's race for the governor's of...
A priest tries to save a marriage that appears ...
This movie follows the river Seine from the cou...
Exclusive behind-the-scenes footage offers a gl...
Suave, charming and volatile, Reggie Kray and h...
Multiple lives intersect in the aftermath of th...
After falling victim to a humiliating prank by ...
A psychiatrist is drawn into a complex mind gam...
A combination of a satire on war and a comedy w...
A simple, street-smart man tries to protect his...
Phantom is an action thriller that unfolds acro...
Infighting breaks out between factions of the C...
Disaster Playground investigates future outer s...
ANIMALS tells the story of Jude and Bobbie: a y...
Two co-dependent sisters, a recovering sex addi...
Two women retreat to a lake house to get a brea...
Le cadavre mutilé d’une jeune femme est retrouv...
Two teenage boys unwittingly summon an ancient ...
I Am Evel Knievel features footage of Evels gre...
Students Veronique and Charlotte meet the same ...
Horror comedy film following vampire count Geza...
The prestigious Danish filmmaker Bille August, ...
In ancient China, a husband and wife, both of t...
At the height of the Peruvian gold rush, Nélida...
At a Dresden hospital in 1945, nurse Anna Mauth...
When a petty crime thrusts him into the company...
Four feature-length period dramas follow three ...
Tale of vengeance -- outlaw style -- as Red Pie...
An immigrant leaves his sweetheart in Italy to ...
An unemployed stay at home dad begins venturing...
Katherine is a typical teenager. Today's her fu...
When Gerda Wegener asks her husband Einar to fi...
In this "beautifully intimate and utterly uniqu...
23-year-old "Dino" (Bianca Kronlöf) dreams of a...
If the mysterious plague sweeping the nation wa...
Three young conspiracy theorists attempt to unc...
Why are so many B-99 bombers from Hibiscus Air ...
Sammy Hogarth, a vaudeville comedian who now ha...
Los Angeles - 2057 - a lawless, war-torn terrai...
The five daughters of a famous actor, all from ...
In this unusual spaghetti western departure for...
Aoi Nishimori's parents moved to another city f...
Increasingly disturbed by the dark energies bui...
A mysterious virus hits an isolated elementary ...
Two rival clans have unsuccessfully tried to hi...
A flutist in the forgotten past, at present the...
Platon Ryabinin, a pianist, is traveling by tra...
Based on the Vera Panova book about a complicat...
Andrey Pavlovich Buzykin, who makes a living by...
Nadya Klyueva is a single woman. Persuaded by h...
In December 1825, distinguished members of the ...
A former aristocrat Ippolit Vorobyaninov leads ...
A wizard invents characters who all come to lif...
An old detective does not want to retire. The o...
It is the New Year's Eve and the employees of a...
Four old friends are experiencing various troub...
An automotive highway is scheduled to be built ...
In the beginning of a new century the capital o...
In Italy, a dying woman tells her granddaughter...
A provincial girl who failed to enter a theatre...
In Eastern Finland, in Liperi to be exact, Anna...
The movie includes three diffirent skits, inclu...
A comedy based on a classic play 'Revizor' by N...
Adventurous comedy about a bunch of people hunt...
A small film crew tracks three extreme runners ...
A former aristocrat Ippolit Vorobyaninov leads ...
When Steve Jobs died the world wept. But what a...
Inkubus tells the story of a skeleton crew work...
Brain freeze has never been so bad once you’ve ...
A twisted horror about a dinner party gone wron...
Two men witness an unexplainable event in the s...
        A sensitive guy finds out he's... a robot.
The bonds of brotherhood, the laws of loyalty, ...
                                               NaN
For all who remember Cannonball Run. Here is a ...
A young punk rock band find themselves trapped ...
Secret agent Harry Hannan suffers a mental brea...
The families of 18 soldiers who heroically died...
The Overcoat is a 1959 Soviet film directed by ...
A wooden boy Buratino tries to find his place i...
FREEWAY: CRACK IN THE SYSTEM tells the story of...
A dramatization of Gloria Steinem's undercover ...
A remake of the Dicken's classic, "A Christmas ...
The story of a summer dress and those who have ...
Man Follows Birds is a coming-of-age story of a...
A drama based on the experiences of Agu, a chil...
Since the first Gold Rush in the late 1890s the...
Take a captivating ride through nearly 150 year...
Multi-narrative adaptation of Richard v. Krafft...
LIMITED PARTNERSHIP is the love story between F...
Hell and Mr. Fudge is an 2012 American drama fi...
Convinced that reuniting with his old girlfrien...
A multi-faceted film based on Raymond Jean's no...
It was supposed to be an adventure of a lifetim...
Peter and Chloe, a young married couple from Ne...
During a layover in Albuquerque, work colleague...
A political thriller during the Wounded Knee in...
Follows the early years of two unknown 18 year ...
In the wake of two back-to-back mass murders on...
Inner city kids from a poor neighborhood go up ...
After going down in the fifth round, boxer Bud ...
The true story of the relationship between Alan...
A look at the events leading up to the Taliban'...
An action-packed horror comedy, BLOODSUCKING BA...
When a scientist runs short of funding for his ...
A stagecoach full of passengers and an enigmati...
Lately, Hamtaro has been having a strange dream...
Two rival race teams, the Teku and the Metal Ma...
The movie features Ash and his two friends Iris...
The thirteenth film overall for the long-runnin...
Follows the life of a young woman (Min-ah) who ...
Meru is the electrifying story of three elite A...
Musical from the American Film Theatre series, ...
A young couple bound by a seemingly ideal love,...
Jake Taylor has everything. He has a beautiful ...
A family intervention goes horrifically awry wi...
Picking up directly where the previous film lef...
The ordinary 14 years old girl name Nam. she's ...
A group of teens sneak out of their high school...
A young college is responsible for the care of ...
Young urban couple Ed and Sarah are set to begi...
Strangers in their own birthplace,  a camp 16-y...
In a country called "Diamond Domain" lies the p...
Ash, Pikachu, and their friends come to a deser...
You can feel lonely in the desert - said the Li...
A young woman discovers a Christmas-themed drea...
A pack of muscle-headed small town jocks and th...
In the future, death row criminals are given a ...
Overwhelmed widower Seth Webster is searching f...
Infected by a virus, a mild mannered HR manager...
Jenny McCarthy reprises her role as Mary Class,...
When a sorority girl falls in love with a zombi...
'The Midwife' (fin.'Kätilö') is a romance-drama...
Lasting is an emotional love story about Michał...
Kirk is enjoying the annual Christmas party ext...
When a visitor arrives in a small Italian villa...
A Spanish army officer, Don Jose (Nero), statio...
Paul, Joe and Louie are three young men from go...
A string of violent jewel robberies force Polic...
A man is shot in an underground car-park by a m...
Django is hunting the bandit Manuel, because th...
This film originated as a play in Paris. The st...
Infidelity, murder, and betrayal lies at the ce...
Dino craft practice tattoos, Bruna is a beautic...
A girl falls in a love with a journalist, who i...
The fast-paced action movie is again set in the...
Stanley Laurel's last visit to Oliver Hardy, as...
On January 21, 1975, in a village in the north ...
A young circus director ends up going into tele...
An austere treatise on the military-industrial ...
Piroska is an overweight, alienated nurse who c...
This drama is adapted from a Japanese televisio...
After a couple of 'special squad' cops are gunn...
This film was not intended to stand by itself, ...
                                No overview found.
The influence that artists Pablo Picasso and Ge...
The Invincible Iron Man and the Incredible Hulk...
The Once-ler, a ruined industrialist, tells the...
The Cat in the Hat is all set for a lovely picn...
Pluto, having seen the earth, comes back home a...
Eddie, Dov, Yvan et les autres… Nos chaleureux ...
Dans le quartier du Sentier, Eddie Vuibert, Dov...
In the small Central California town where they...
Jenny Farrell is getting married. But how will ...
A young woman, Eve, fights back and manages to ...
When a devoted husband and father is left home ...
While running a travel agency in Macau, Ji-yeon...
Two strangers, both at the end of their rope, s...
A documentary of the first successful expeditio...
Eight people experience sleep paralysis, a cond...
In September 2012, the tiny prairie town of Lei...
For high schooler Aaron Corbett, turning 18 mea...
During the Chinese Revolution in 1949, three co...
A disturbing film about the Portuguese underwor...
A sex-crimes specialist from New York travels t...
A German adaptation of the classic Lewis Carrol...
Jeremy, a local police officer leads a life of ...
The real story behind the hunt for Theodore J. ...
Beauty is only skin deep, but when you can’t se...
Harry "Rabbit" Angstrom comes home one day from...
Öllers and Niederländer have everything under c...
Aballay was a bad tempered gaucho. After killin...
A haunted Afghanistan war veteran attempts to c...
Exiled artist and poet Mustafa embarks on a jou...
The Blue Planet, the definitive exploration of ...
On October 1, 2013, the elusive street artist B...
On parole after three years in prison, a footba...
A story of a simple, naive Russian man Konek an...
When a tragedy shatters her plans for domestic ...
A feud between rival newspapermen Kruger (Bromb...
The private life of Hitler revealed for the fir...
Documentary focusing on the contributions to th...
Sloan is beautiful, stylish, and on the fast tr...
Wayne Gretzky (no relation) is a vampire who ca...
The night before Halloween, a teenage babysitte...
Five beautiful girls vie for a chance to become...
On his deathbed in the hospital, Jason's father...
As Halloweentown prepares to celebrate its 1,00...
The city's District Attorney is murdered, and a...
A young girl and her brother come of age at the...
On the eve of an annual sibling reunion, a trou...
After the events of the TV series, the 18 year ...
In Knock Knock, It's Tig Notaro, comedian Tig N...
After a car accident, a woman with a seemingly ...
Actor Gerard Depardieu co-directed this drama a...
A boy falls in love with a horse named Flash th...
An Army corporal (Robert Walker) and his con-ma...
There are two of them: a mother and a girl. The...
Based on actual events that took place at Gwang...
High above the tiny hamlet of Grockleton stands...
It's three days before Christmas, and Nick Snow...
Quinn Taylor and his friend Nick are on their w...
Lynn Markham moves into her late husband's beac...
A feature film based on a story in which a youn...
During their nightly poker game a group of lowl...
Three sorority pledges are tasked with ensuring...
A typical weekend down the shore takes a bizarr...
In a world where animals have turned on humanit...
Reunited witch twins Camryn and Alex adjust to ...
Three years after her lover, Rick Usher, and he...
Woo-Jin changes into a different person when he...
In 1955, young photographer Dennis Stock develo...
A first-person account of growing up in an evan...
Using interviews and other footage shot especia...
Florence and Vincent Leroy are a model couple. ...
An emotionally desperate investment banker find...
For years, we have tried to harness the power o...
Lockdown Follows a police officer who returns t...
A priest &amp; his family move into a new house...
A young couple arrive at a retreat in the Engli...
Chronicles the true story behind Argo’s Hollywo...
In this chilling story based on real life event...
                                               NaN
Lukas, 20, is a prisoner in his own body. As a ...
An ex-con returns home to the Bronx after three...
Examines the diversity of human sexual and gend...
A group of friends move into a vacation home wi...
Students Raz, Charlie and Jess embark on their ...
A young woman is brought to an asylum to receiv...
Four girls go on a romping weekend at a lake, a...
Based on the real events that shocked San Frani...
With exclusive access to his extraordinary unse...
A drama set in the black communities of Colombi...
The corpses are piling up at St. Hilda’s School...
Group of heroin smugglers finds shelter on aban...
In a penitentiary, four prisoners occupy a cell...
Die-hard fans of the 1980s, Vincent and Antoine...
After finishing school, a group of three guys a...
                                               NaN
A heroic expedition braves snow-whipped precipi...
A U.S. agent goes undercover as a rich playboy ...
When a trio of scientists who have discovered a...
In a 15th-century feudal village, a woman is ac...
The daughter of a noble man is sold into slaver...
Dr. Fred Steele (Umberto Orsini) and Eve Barnet...
Interplanetary News reporter Ray Peterson is as...
                                               NaN
Somewhere deep in the jungle a chemical corpora...
A cruel dictator rules a Latin American state. ...
An American soldier and a British intelligence ...
Released from captivity in Vietnam, two America...
Jewel thieves attempt to recover treasure from ...
A professional killer is lured into a deadly do...
In a small Scottish village, horribly murdered ...
An innocent man sentenced to ten years in priso...
A man tracks down the five outlaws who murdered...
Sundance-and-Emmy-Award-winning filmmaker Judy ...
Kurumi’s heart was broken by the sudden death o...
"Snowden’s Great Escape" tells the story of how...
Two, very different, brothers are reunited for ...
Magallanes (Damián Alcázar) sees his humdrum li...
In this radically reimagined American Western s...
With a torrid past that haunts him, a movie the...
Three misfits embark on a weekend they will nev...
A feature film based on the documentary "Our Br...
Eren (Haruma Miura) leaves to restore a break i...
Hazel suffers from a crippling case of agorapho...
                                               NaN
In a small Indian village Mandwa, Vijay Dinanat...
Gautam is an incorrigible flirt, who runs after...
A female assassin during the Tang Dynasty who b...
This 90-minute factual drama goes behind the sc...
A man is on safari in the jungle with his wife ...
Upon his return from battle in the previous fil...
Life for the residents of a tower block begins ...
In New York City for their annual tradition of ...
In the not too distant future, two young women ...
Evicted from his squat and suddenly alone on th...
A troubled heiress (Bette Davis) falls in love ...
A year after his father’s death in Mexico, Vict...
Two mismatched cousins take a road trip to visi...
A mysterious magnetic spool found during a cons...
After finding his brother murdered after return...
A struggling writer finds a shortcut to fame, b...
A one-time (and now one-handed) master film edi...
On Broadway tells the story of Jack O'Toole, a ...
Inspired by the incredible events surrounding a...
Following Madoka's rewriting of the universe, s...
As the young girls have discovered the truth ab...
After the events of the previous film, the 17 y...
God lives in Brussels. On earth though, God is ...
Dora is a neglected girl, who dreams about beco...
Young, charismatic, and hardworking, Sparra Far...
This movie describes the founding of the modern...
Three criminals on the run, breaking into the h...
There's trouble in Frankie Diomede's criminal e...
A retired widow has her daily routine derailed ...
A group of 21st-century colonists inhabit an un...
In Hamburg, Ibrahim "Ibo" Secmez, of Turkish de...
Mid-19th-century, Baltic Sea port city of Lubec...
                                No overview found.
A biography of Hildegard Knef, one of Germany's...
Young monster kids try to make peace between th...
Former cop-turned-bar owner Kwok and his undera...
        This is the story of the Stones 1972 tour.
The true story of how The Boston Globe uncovere...
Jesús, a young hairdresser, works at a Havana n...
In the horror of 1944 Auschwitz, a prisoner for...
                        A young woman's bleak life
Funny Farm depicts a night shift by nurse Alan ...
When the daughter of a powerful senator is kidn...
Anna suffers from agoraphobia so crippling that...
After a bank job goes badly wrong, three desper...
American chess champion Bobby Fischer prepares ...
Henry, a newly resurrected cyborg who must save...
Duff Daniels (John T. Woods), the younger, stup...
Kurapika became a Hunter to take vengeance on t...
Turkey in the 1960s and 1970s was one of the bi...
                                               NaN
The strongest Hunters that once existed in the ...
                                No overview found.
In order to help her smuggler kinsmen, a sultry...
A German girl travels to Israel to help people ...
A romantic comedy centered on two young cooks a...
A hit man whose mission is to prevent the print...
When a virginal artist falls in love with a cal...
A concert film that the former Pink Floyd singe...
Adam Jones is a Chef who destroyed his career w...
A chronicle of Gertrude Bell's life, a traveler...
After moving to a vineyard with her family, a p...
                                               NaN
A Filipino general who believes he can turn the...
                                               NaN
Ryuzo (Tatsuya Fuji) and his 7 former henchmen ...
Lui is the tyrant of gamblers in Macau. He puts...
Former secret government agent Max Hecker (Sven...
                                               NaN
Between Alice, a hospital nurse and Aldo, a sha...
A company, where manipulation and harassment is...
In an extravagant house in Paris, people gather...
In one long Friday evening, Takeshi Miyata (Yas...
The time: 1814. The place: Edo, now known as To...
What does it actually mean to be Canadian? This...
Shankar Singh and his wife, Meera, live in Jodh...
Calvin Wheeler is a scheming 13-year-old boy wi...
In order to learn how to be responsible, two we...
Charlie Boyle finds that even his high IQ can't...
A shy high schooler struggles to lose his virgi...
Sam Staziak, a rookie cop with the Los Angeles ...
In the wild west, two brothers embark on a jour...
Sriracha has earned a cult following, but the s...
Two brothers camping with their cousin try to f...
It's Miriam's 21st Birthday. As a birthday gift...
A rookie cop's world is turned upside down when...
Sir Francis Drake goes on a quest to find the l...
Mr. Müller is not satisfied with his new work a...
One year after his young son disappeared during...
8 contestants compete for a billion wons ($1 Mi...
Vasco is a medical student in Lisbon, supported...
A lost village. A rock band. A murder in the wo...
Laila, a girl on the run from her family is hid...
Set at the edge of the Noto Peninsula in Ishika...
A high school girl, Sayaka Kudō was the bottom ...
It's 1848 and a wagon train with an Army escort...
Major Adam Fossy has awakened from hyper-sleep ...
Those fun-loving eletrical appliances from the ...
Macropolis is the story of two toys discarded f...
Forced to return to his naturist roots, Willy b...
Han-soo is a new transfer student at Seonggji H...
In the winter of 1942-43, a Jewish family leaps...
A young woman recalls how her father (a fallen ...
A criminal known as Thunderbolt is imprisoned a...
In the second film of the series (and not a sec...
Three teens blackmail a serial killer into help...
Sexy Momoko turns tricks in her taxi to boost b...
Everyone's favorite nursery rhyme characters co...
Burned-out Hollywood screenwriter Bo Aikens (Ja...
Varg Veum promises his girlfriend that he will ...
A lonely beach on the southernmost coast of Bra...
The year is 1953. A visiting archaeologist call...
Feature documentary about the great West Indies...
A sportswriter (Pat O'Brien) jilted by his glob...
A chronicle of the interaction between college ...
An evil Oriental Dragon Lady injects three mart...
Jon and Elissa dreamed of having an epic destin...
Ryan is making a documentary on his friend, Bre...
GHOUL is a supernatural horror film involving t...
In the tradition of Stephen King’s Stand by Me,...
A man (Christopher Denham) must use his newfoun...
Con artist Steve Blair persuades Tony Dallas, a...
This future-set sci-adventure follows a band of...
Walter Dishman, a married and melancholy parole...
When travelling through Resurrection County, mi...
A judge in an unnamed country interviews three ...
The story centers on two lone survivors of a bi...
A jealous musician kills his wife and frames a ...
                                               NaN
Alexandra is a lively college student returning...
At night the Mangler stalks the streets of Los ...
The eight years boy Jesús has been living in a ...
Oscar winner William Wyler directed this 1944 "...
A charismatic psycho suspected of killing two i...
Angela maintains a coastal lighthouse in Italy,...
Bandit Gordon frees a group of prisoners, forci...
Five men have to prove their innocence when a b...
An Irish sports journalist becomes convinced th...
A woman is abandoned by her lover and prostitut...
For most people affected by the recent housing ...
The poetess Sappho led an uprising against the ...
Kay Kerrigan commits a murder and then changes ...
True Women is a sweeping saga of love, war and ...
The Victorian wife (Helen Hayes) of a mad baron...
A beautiful young woman starts receiving messag...
Boeun (Moon Geun Young) is an ordinary high sch...
A newlywed discovers her husband is a cheating ...
Anything can happen and will happen in this rom...
A bullied student sees visions of a rabbit he w...
A sickly girl Ju-ran transfers to a new sanitor...
Since she was young, Soo-Nam has been able to d...
Busan in 1978. Gil-young, a veteran detective g...
Wanted criminal "Helios" and his assistant stol...
A young man goes from China to Hollywood on sho...
A young mother suffers her worst nightmare -the...
Alex Grant is a troubled young woman, 20 years ...
Based on the true life story of California gymn...
Three teenage boys in small-town Southern Ontar...
Story of a tumultuous and complex relationship ...
A fun roller coaster ride about three young peo...
Pooja Mathew (Nazriya Nazim), daughter of Docto...
Wealthy widower Madan Chopra has two young and ...
Anirudh Parmar is blind, but he does not let th...
After a difficult romance in a class-divided so...
The love story between an actress and a directo...
What happens when a good for nothing handsome h...
A debt-ridden young man Jeetu (Shahid Kapoor) d...
Poor Raja opens a fast foot restaurant right op...
When his astrologer uncle (Satish Kaushik) pred...
Surya is away at war as his father, Krisnan die...
Cable Raju is a slum dweller who works as a cab...
Inspired by a magician named Shiny Chariot, the...
A young Kenyan's life changes drastically when ...
The war against terrorism has gone private. War...
Rabbit and Deer are living happily and careless...
A stationary camera looks across a busy corner ...
Everyone's off to the seaside- by car, truck an...
Among the most acclaimed choreographers in Amer...
When Norwegian scientist Marie attends a semina...
Hiyam, a young factory worker, lives in a lower...
In a hospital, ten soldiers are being treated f...
Our figurine sized supermen hero embarks on an ...
A social drama about four marginalized prostitu...
A young gymnast battles a group of bank robbers...
While rehearsing the annual play, a clerk tries...
A portrait of the relations between neighbours ...
Costa is travelling from Africa to London, and ...
Three different persons, three different lives ...
In a remote part of rural, post-apocalyptic Eng...
The Department of Emotional Integrity (DEI) doc...
A whistle blower attempts to reveal the secret ...
A motorcross, a race of motorbikes through a se...
Successful businesswoman Maria has achieved eve...
Paul and Paula have had bad experiences with lo...
Following a bank robbery, the responsible gang ...
Two Brothers fight over a revue singer who beco...
Maria seeks revenge on the killers of her husba...
                                               NaN
Marco Lopez, a former Neo-Nazi and skinhead, tr...
Two homicide detectives find their careers - an...
In dark ages Britain, a time of magic and legen...
Within the confines of an insane asylum languis...
She’s the most beautiful, most short-sighted, m...
Myles and Brody are best friends with two very ...
Selja is in her thirties and lives in a shared ...
                                No overview found.
Distracted by life, Mr. Makkonen misses his eng...
In an enchanted forest, the princely brothers M...
Essex has been the central hub for many famous ...
Former cop Jake 'Tiger' Sharp returns to his ol...
Christmas is supposed to be a time of joy, peac...
After a wonderful time in Hungary Sissi falls e...
The young Bavarian princess Elisabeth, who all ...
Edward is a friendly, harmless film cutter on t...
            A 2015 Kannada mystery-thriller movie.
In the year 2041, the rebel Centros are a plagu...
The year is 2036 and Earth has been invaded: ho...
Loner teenager Billy Duncan (Kim Milford) stumb...
Taking a wrong turn, travelers find themselves ...
 An alien crash lands and goes on a killing spree.
Three monks are making their way from Germany t...
The Thread is a groundbreaking documentary that...
Minneapolis Deputy Police Chief, Lucas Davenpor...
'Aiqing mala tang' ('Spicy Love Soup') starts w...
A thriller crime comedy directed by Wolfgang Mu...
Larry is an unqualified, unemployable, inebriat...
Masaki Kobayashi directs this romantic drama co...
London 1846. Singer Gloria Vane has a resoundin...
Like a young bird yet to find the courage to li...
Four friends are fatefully thrown into a verita...
Documentary about the work of Claude Lorius, wh...
A team of highly skilled Navy SEALS find themse...
The Rosenwald Schools by Aviva Kempner is a doc...
A-Gu enlists a group of contract killers in the...
A boy must brave deep winter snow to obtain an ...
A respected doctor becomes the prime suspect in...
When her wild younger sister Ashley, who suffer...
 A Czechoslovakia drama about a Cathedral Builder.
Heartbreak affects us all. Oscar-nominated dire...
Ayiva recently left his home in Burkina Faso in...
In a secluded house in a small seaside town liv...
A vision of Colombia's inhuman armed conflict, ...
When the old-old-old-fashioned vampire Vlad arr...
A family takes refuge in a fallout shelter to a...
Central London, today; Dee is an anarchic stree...
We’re in the middle of a heat-wave in Fenland E...
A teenage boy lives with his single mum in a fl...
When a family emergency forces a troubled teen ...
Katarina is 20 years old. With a troubled past ...
Story about two brothers and their wives, and t...
Seven directors each dramatize one of the seven...
Underneath Times Square, there's a strip club f...
Sara (Amber Jaeger) suffers from agoraphobia, a...
Rebekka, Claudia and Sofie are freshmen in high...
Documentary musing upon the work of German film...
Through the eyes, words and songs of it's popul...
Biopic of Brazilian singer Tim Maia, from his c...
While producing a reality TV show, a teenager m...
Brittany Aarons  is one of the many girls who h...
Story revolves around a young boxer, Izzy Danie...
When Chloe and Riley Lawrence are invited to Lo...
A comedy/sci-fi/adventure about three high scho...
A Latina working in Los Angeles as a messenger ...
A movie that spoofs boy bands like N*Sync, New ...
Connecticut high school students Max Doyle and ...
A group of students travel to a remote region t...
The story of a retired music professor, Misha B...
Filmed in 1993 but never completed due to River...
Not Waving But Drowning is a chronological look...
The story of Allan "Swampy" Marsh and his Marem...
Jett Jackson, who is the star of Silverstone, i...
In the year of our Lord 1678, Sweden is plagued...
Rush's Time Machine shows in 2010 / 2011 were o...
A sexy Spanish siren named Elvira schools a you...
Sheila Levine is a Jewish-American princess and...
Orson Welles' archives of unfinished/never rele...
A chilling post mortem on the tragic case of tw...
Daft Punk Unchained is the first film about the...
A horror anthology of shorts themed around the ...
A young married couple has to deal with their e...
As a snow storm closes in, one final plane take...
Meet nine-year old Saige, a talented artist wit...
In a sunken Castle underneath the earth, five s...
                                               NaN
A seedy bar owner hires a mysterious Croatian t...
After the doctor's refusal to perform abortion ...
This coming-of-age story from Japan opens just ...
Writer Misuzu Nakahara confesses her involvemen...
The story of Anjooran (N. N. Pillai), and his f...
Shiva, the ageing business tycoon, bound to his...
An insane surgeon finds himself up to his armpi...
Neglected by her husband during the pre-Christm...
Ruth Raymond works on the switchboard and her b...
She's a New Orleans gambler with a poker face n...
A scientist is testing a demonic drug on people...
A press agent (Don Ameche), a composer (Janet B...
Charlie returns to the East End after two years...
A young man returns to his home city of Pittsbu...
Oriko’s and her mother had a difficult relation...
Inspector Joshi is a grieving father searching ...
Although orphaned at very young ages, Scriptwri...
The new film by French director Cédric Kahn foc...
Nothing like a good murder mystery onboard a tr...
Mark Thackeray (Poitier) is a West Indian, who ...
A young man's attempt to break out of a cycle o...
A newly-hired housekeeper in a remote area is a...
An ex-police officer operating a private detect...
The film describes a strike in a French textile...
Victor Frankenstein, descendant of the infamous...
Four erotic tales from in various historical er...
A few Palestinian guerilla's break into an Isra...
A mentally ill patient is questioned to see if ...
The story of six young volunteers working on a ...
A fairy tale character who is about to flunk ou...
The giant, man-eating Graboids are back and eve...
Heather and Heidi play volleyball for their sch...
After treating his rancher cousin shoddily in L...
New Jersey car mechanic Stacie Andree and her p...
Set in France during the mid-1970s, Vanessa, a ...
Mila and Javier, both renowned surgeons and bot...
Based on the best-seller book 'The Little Princ...
A year in the life of one of America's most inn...
He feels at home in places we would flee from a...
Fabio Reyes, a former counterfeit artist who af...
                                               NaN
In the near future, Frank, a police officer, di...
When new kid in town Ed Wallis is given an assi...
Brian Barnes (Johnny Messner) wakes up in the d...
Lucky Luciano is one of the bosses of the Mafia...
Dheepan is a Sri Lankan Tamil warrior who flees...
MARTIN ARMSTRONG, once a US based trillion doll...
Filmed over 14 months with unprecedented access...
For two years, director Anne Wivel and her came...
The Swedish 19th century engineer S. A. Andrée ...
       Documentary by Swedish director Jan Troell.
Unknown to anybody else but himself The Strange...
The Stranger happens across a murdered postal i...
Retrospective on the career of enigmatic screen...
This film is about a man who committed a terrib...
Based on a popular 1931 play, the film tells th...
Story of an underground newspaper in Boston abo...
Liza's a nurse, seeking love. Her only company ...
A father and son who must team up to save Chris...
                                               NaN
In 1915 a man survives the Armenian genocide in...
Jimmy Stewart's Bill Lawrence wins a bevy or pr...
A gambler faces deportation when he gets mixed ...
Brooklyn youth Frank Cusack, good son and broth...
After being hypnotized into committing murder, ...
This DVD is a collection of the work of the dir...
Angela begins to hang around with Pablo and his...
A former assassin tries to redeem himself by be...
An Amazon princess comes to the world of Man to...
                                      Plot unknown
Sly Cooper is a kinetic and comedic heist film ...
Twenty years after the events of Iron Sky, the ...
A scientist blames the head of a large company ...
A young tech worker takes a job at a greedy Int...
Two Jesuit priests travel to seventeenth centur...
When it was first released in Argentina, Pablo ...
When a bus-load of women's college soccer playe...
A documentary film detailing Glen Campbell's fi...
Ting, an actress for murder illustration is hir...
They brutally killed his wife, wiped out dozens...
Drama about the tragic Nanga Parbat expedition ...
During the Cold War, the Soviet Union captures ...
                         Sequel to Pitch Perfect 2
This concert, recorded to celebrate the 25th an...
A man who stops into a foster home to drop off ...
A suburban family is held hostage and terrorize...
A story about the childhood of Oz in Jerusalem ...
A regular family living in the outskirts of Lis...
Experimental film, white specks and shapes gyra...
Three different men, three different worlds, th...
Guibord is an independent Member of Parliament ...
Melodrama concerning a 40-year-old man coming out.
Manos (Christos Loulis) seems to have problems ...
A young man wakes up naked on a pallet on the s...
Athens, mid-August. Tsiou, addicted to substanc...
On 24 November 2006 Papaioannou premiered 2 in ...
Radical Grace follows three fearless nuns who r...
When 15-year-old Vicky Austin, her sister Suzy ...
Among the finalists for "Centerfold Of The Year...
True story based on Jodi Arias, a seductive 28-...
After a U.S. policeman is killed by black marke...
A romantic fairy tale about a 19-year old orpha...
Radha (Naga Chaitanya) and Krishna (Samantha) a...
Jochen's life is going well. He has just moved ...
When a faun named Mune becomes the Guardian of ...
The making of "Before the Devil Knows You're Dead"
An American couple, Paul and Marianne, spend th...
In Osaka's slum, youth without futures engage i...
Yoshida's first feature follows the lives of yo...
Inspired by true events, a chilling psychologic...
Paco, son of the commander of the Guardia Civil...
A reckless student contemplates terrorism in a ...
                                               NaN
The famous psychologist Xu Ruining has a raisin...
An homage to the French New Wave and a touching...
IRIS pairs legendary 87-year-old documentarian ...
Calvin Campbell is a former professional baseba...
John Vandermark (Cumming) has taken in a strugg...
An estimated 400,000 people were tattooed with ...
Sonny "Sundown" Garcia is the top cocaine distr...
Two estranged brothers reunite at their childho...
Tuur and Lambert are best friends. But the war ...
Academy Award-winning director Michael Moore re...
             A fim about Air on tour by Mike Mills
Jim is a 12-year-old outsider. One day Terje (a...
A kids parody of the Academy nominated movie Th...
   Baby Burlesk on wagon train fight with Indians.
Cocky young attorney Michael Gray finds himself...
Emily Parker is haunted by visions of a woman f...
After 31 years at-large, detectives in Wichita,...
A road trip from Karachi to Lahore where 5 frie...
A beautiful, self-centered young woman's life t...
A combination of first-person stories and exclu...
In 1931, following the success of the film Batt...
Seventeen-year-old Sangaile is fascinated by st...
The ocean contains the history of all humanity....
Arthur, a sheet music salesman, has an ear for ...
A coming-of-age tale that turns on three teenag...
Things are hectic in heaven. Dozens of scribes ...
After a job interview gone wrong, Lulu sets sai...
Roukli is a film about about love, war and some...
The life of Tao, and those close to her, is exp...
A documentary view of an encampment of homeless...
As the 100th anniversary of Titanic's sinking a...
A behind-the-scenes documentary on the making o...
A documentary about various singers, musicians,...
Dissolute barrister Sydney Carton becomes encha...
A disfigured musical genius, hidden away in the...
"The Indian" is a touching drama about a neglig...
          Play for Today about Russian dissidents.
Ella discovers a terrifying secret when she bec...
What happens when six lucky strangers, three ha...
Incensed by the tabloid culture which celebrate...
A non-stop, race against time action packed thr...
A young militia is all that stands between a co...
Thirty years on from the 1984 Union Carbide pla...
A documentary following a sex surrogate and two...
Alfonso, pursues the girl of his life to Harvar...
A young artist (Peter Paige), desperate to repl...
Todd's life takes a turn when his friendship wi...
Thirty-somethings Michaël, Nabil and Sylvain he...
While covering the annual Nobel Banquet for tab...
When a traveling carnival comes to a rural Nebr...
A constant runaway is given over to the care of...
A child abandoned in a subway coin locker is so...
I'll Get By is an updated remake of the 1940 20...
An aspiring young artist breaks from his wealth...
                                               NaN
The latest success by film-maker Giacomo Solari...
March/April 1917. The first world war is alread...
                                               NaN
Alberto intercepts a call between two troubled ...
A Police Officer faces difficulties when invest...
Based on the story of Franca Viola and Filippo ...
A historian goes to a castle library to transla...
Jean, a forty-year-old struggling, out-of-work ...
After a brutal injustice occurs on a Native Ame...
The meaning of art itself comes into question i...
The story of the 1914-1916 Antarctic exploratio...
Times are hard for habitual guest of Her Majest...
Tenth entry in the Carry On series. Able seaman...
A mysterious Inspector investigates the wealthy...
                 A woodcutter goes about his work.
Zigeuner is on the hunt for the woman of his dr...
Who said a patchwork family is without problems...
Young Theo is sent on his first trip with his M...
Will and his new girlfriend Kira are invited to...
David Bradley, stars as the roguish soldier Ant...
A thirty something man who lives in a suburb ju...
After the death of her parents young girl Manue...
When a mythical device from ancient times is re...
In this suspenseful erotic drama, the private m...
An abused woman finds love in the arms of a fam...
A judge who had taken part in the gold rush of ...
With a glittering cast that includes Katharine ...
A 300-year-old witch terrorizes a college town ...
Two deranged brothers, who are under the domine...
An obese woman recently released from an insane...
A mental hospital, faced with a severe decrease...
Carrie, Mitzie, and Chicago get in trouble a lo...
The Falls is a feature film about two missionar...
Christopher Robin gives Winnie the Pooh a calen...
Ogden Confer is a community college student liv...
When surf crazy Brandon throws a surf mental he...
After their plane crashes off the coast of a de...
Lynn Hughes finds that marriage the second time...
Millions witnessed Philip Markham's public humi...
Freddie Jackson is just out of prison. He's don...
Andrew Kötting's film retraces John Clare's jou...
Margherita, a director in the middle of an exis...
A hapless parole officer is framed for murder b...
Lonely aspirants on the LA dating scene hook up...
Documentary about the film maker Luis Bunuel. S...
The title of this Italian slice-of-life drama t...
                                               NaN
A mental hospital somewhere in Tuscany during t...
Rome, 1880. Gregorio Ferramonti (Anthony Quinn)...
Metello struggles to escape from the poverty th...
The exploits of three young Roman criminals are...
Problems arise for Antonio Magnano when he is u...
The death of a wealthy patriarch in 1885 sets o...
Mademoiselle de Maupin escapes from her uncle's...
A man and his mistress have just taken off for ...
Mario (Tognazzi), a rich and eccentric war hero...
In Caro papá, Dino Risi is telling the story of...
King's Dagobert I intestinal and sexual problem...
Story about a doctor in a Libyan military hospi...
Police commissioner Lo Gatto is in charge of th...
Giordano is a young man from Milan who accepts ...
After discovering her boyfriend for the past fo...
An obscure Italian magistrate suspects that a w...
Comedy-drama about a middle-aged Italian busine...
Marshall Antonio Carotenuto comes back to nativ...
Salvatore and Romolo are two young and poor you...
                                               NaN
                                               NaN
March on Rome (Italian: La marcia su Roma) is a...
                                               NaN
The myths of the sixties are satirized in 20 ep...
Hanns Heinz Ewers' grim science-fiction novel A...
                                               NaN
Faustina, the offspring of a black G.I. and a R...
Two Heads Are Better Than None also known as Ke...
                                               NaN
Bill Hooper -- bitter after a messy divorce -- ...
Tells the comedic tale of Eddie Mannix, a fixer...
Proxate Corporation recruits a boozy former shi...
Sentenced to spend out the rest of his adult li...
Georgina is an ambitious young London professio...
A freelance writer looking for romance sells a ...
Michel dreams of a perfect meeting with the wom...
Cayman Went is the story of Josh Anders, a fadi...
Three people in Tokyo take a surreal voyage of ...
Casey (Angela Redman) has rejected her privileg...
Annie's (Jennifer Blanc) life is in jeopardy af...
A U.S. Border Patrol agent Jim Rhodes, a tough ...
When the daughter of veteran 911 call center op...
Christina Noble overcomes the harsh difficultie...
Jimmy Price is a reckless man-child on the last...
Crime is on the run as the newly formed Justice...
'Salad Days' is an insightful documentary film ...
A look at the life and music of legendary singe...
In 1971, a group of friends sail into a nuclear...
Jesus Christ and Gautama Buddha, the founders o...
Sisters Myra and Ellie have finally had enough ...
Pol is a teenager with a seemingly calm life: h...
Iska, Karolína, and Vendula are eighteen-year-o...
Kiss (1963) is an experimental film directed by...
When Chili Ncgobo, an honest but ambitious unde...
Based upon a true story. Wife with young family...
An aging salesman is fired from his job after a...
Based on the amazing true story of a marine bio...
While in Havana, a musician gets involved with ...
A young couple inherits an old mansion inhabite...
While filming in Transylvania, a crew unearths ...
On the set of a dark war time drama at an old m...
Elmer does not want to leave Gentryville, becau...
Adolf Hitler wakes up in a vacant lot in Berlin...
The story of a man suffering from mental illnes...
Big home of Shamanov family has everything - ex...
An ailing man summons his four daughters home f...
Chantel Mitchell (Ariyan Johnson), a hip, artic...
The series tells the story of Amy Dorrit, who s...
The crew of PT-73 are in trouble again when Ens...
A contemporary psychological thriller in which ...
In the forest, she is grabbed by two large hand...
A local politician in Scotland tries to break t...
Jonathan 'Jack' Harris is a waiter, who hopes t...
A novelist (Dina Meyer) moves to a little town ...
The Decline of Western Civilization III is a 19...
Jailed unjustly for a murder he did not commit,...
A sadistic serial killer terrorizes a couple dr...
Documentary about women's experiences of labour...
Three couples trying to spice up their marriage...
Adam is the son of a wealthy Egyptian-American ...
Arriving at a distant town, a businessman decid...
The movie follows the Bennett family after Amel...
Two siblings lure unsuspecting victims to their...
Thirty-year-old Camilla, born a bitch, realizes...
It happened in the sixties, during the politica...
Saturday Night Live has been reflecting and inf...
Paul Thomas Anderson joined his close friend an...
An inspiring, triumphant and wickedly funny por...
Milton, a college dropout, was only supposed to...
After their friend goes missing, five road-trip...
June is different from all other nine-year old ...
A supernatural thriller, laced by flashbacks, a...
Life on the edge in Silicon Valley - home of hi...
Mino and Lello, two sons of a worker wrongly ac...
Franca and her husband Antonio decide to sell a...
Five short stories with contemporary settings. ...
A detective is assigned to head a manhunt for f...
Requiescant is a 1967 spaghetti western directe...
                                               NaN
How will the Germans react to the armistice of ...
                                               NaN
During the winter of 1944, the partisans statio...
An amnesiac must reach back into his mind for m...
Director Phil Karlson harks back to the no-nons...
A talented young dancer has to learn to fight f...
When 10-year-old Joshua (Lurie Poston) decides ...
Two men at an ironworks encounter roadblocks: t...
The story of the trials and tribulations of lig...
It's Halloween day in 1989 and college student ...
TimeScapes is the debut film from award-winning...
Peace Officer is a documentary about the increa...
Charlotte is cheating on Micha with Mélodie. No...
Three hours outside of Addis Ababa, a bright 14...
Fantasy - A failed sculptor discovers a strange...
An interpreter wins an around-the-world vacatio...
A police officer has very little work as there ...
It's a hard crime story about a Philadelphia sh...
In this TV adaptation of the Harold Pinter clas...
A promising track star, 18 year old Jesse Brenn...
Cassie works as a teller at the bank where her ...
In the dead of winter, Kat and Rose, two very d...
A documentary about a man who molested generati...
A love story between two hackers, Soyan and Loi...
Set within a dystopian world that is a collisio...
MAD AS HELL follows Cenk Uygur's transformation...
A Hong Kong cop named Kit busts a major gangste...
A young couple gets more than they bargained fo...
Dale is an attractive, hard-as-nails gay male e...
A film of Chris Marker and the broadcasting(aud...
Derek Malcolm in the Guardian labelled Chris Ma...
A 19 year old Brooklyn boy who is torn between ...
Five years after a zombie outbreak, the men and...
A portrait of Keith Richards that takes us on a...
Ida's father suddenly gets a stroke and is rush...
Because of his wavering health, Monsieur Henri ...
The film tells the story of Malony and his educ...
They are seekers, madmen, and angels hell-bent ...
We all love food. As a society, we devour count...
A grissled cop with tendencies towards excessiv...
Teenager Cleo's school science project goes qui...
Chez Nous is a feel good comedy and the name of...
The Seminarian is a story about Ryan, a closete...
Because of a bad marriage of their parents, two...
Feature length version of the 2013 Turkish shor...
Patch Town, inspired by the award-winning short...
A short film about a robot programmed for love ...
In this breathtaking science fiction spectacle,...
                                               NaN
Motorcylce driving kids in pre-war Germany comm...
A blonde night club dancer is being stalked. Wi...
Comedian Bob Hunter is aided by his French coun...
A rancher has to prove that he didn't kill his ...
Lorenzo, who's 16 and born to a wealthy family ...
A small group of Wikileaks journalists make the...
Jacob van Oppen, the former strongest man on ea...
Phil-sung is a lazy countryside detective. He i...
A guy with a talent for cards makes his way int...
Choi Ik-Ho (Lee Jung-Jae) is a martial arts sta...
High school guidance counselor Jeff, and his pl...
Ji-hyuk is an expert safe-cracker who lives the...
Five friends play a game in a "mysterious" fore...
A couple are given a camera and a set of instru...
A 35-year-old woman fakes being pregnant to fit...
Having recovered from a shattering emotional br...
At the same time as murder suspect Yeo-hoon is ...
In the late Ming Dynasty, three close friends w...
The Y2K Bug. Real Warfare vs Electronic Gaming....
4bia or Phobia (Thai: สี่แพร่ง or See Prang) is...
A Korean remake of the John Woo Classic. One br...
5150 ELM'S WAY is located at the end of a quiet...
After an illustrious special ops career ends in...
Legend holds that 30 years ago, a suburban town...
Things start to heat up when public prosecutor ...
Se-jin, a lonely department store employee, mov...
"ALONE" tells the story of Pim who moved from T...
When plans for a weekend vacation hit a dead en...
Disney Channel's production of Julie Sherman Wo...
The bond of brotherhood is always stronger when...
The son of a North Korean spy decides to follow...
Produced by Crazy Racer director Ning Hao, Leth...
This story unfolds 8 years after 'Battle of Hwa...
Jun-oh, an insurance claims agent, faces off wi...
Sergeant Tong is wracked with guilt after he un...
Shubei town, southeast China, the present day. ...
“Never to Lose” concerns the men of Homicide Un...
A young Japanese woman has been trained to beco...
As befits a full-blooded Jiang Hu (underworld) ...
Nearby Seoul police stations Mapo and Seodaemun...
Ku Dong's life is going nowhere, spending his d...
The film is a heist comedy set in 1940s Korea, ...
A Korean reunification plan is upset by a Japan...
A live-action adaptation of Osamu Tezuka’s matu...
Although Randy's family is involved in the casi...
In the dark criminal world of Seoul, U-min, Che...
Roast Pork joins the triad as a young man and e...
Eri (Matsubara) is a high school student who is...
A (Based On True Events) movie about prisoners ...
Tae Gun-ho (Jung) is the best collection agent ...
Kang Tae-sik is a private detective who would d...
An eccentric but faithful mafia, Chi-sung is se...
In early Republican China, rumors were going ar...
On Christmas Eve at Tower Sky, an ultra-luxurio...
Teenage twins battle dark forces hidden beneath...
Set in Hokkaido, Japan in the 1880s. Jubei Kama...
In the 1930s , a Japanese cult called The Templ...
During the warring period of the three kingdoms...
Impressive debut feature from writer director I...
A night like any other in the streets of Hong K...
A series of murders holds the nation in its swa...
In the midst of a violent gang war, a series of...
In the mythical land of Huadu, Charcoal Head, a...
Champion competitive marksman Ken comes across ...
An operation against the notorious druglord in ...
A Joseon dynasty bounty hunter becomes the body...
Touch it and you can see the past! A little gir...
In the not-so distant future, researchers at a ...
Han Kyung Bae (Sol Kyung Gu) is a successful ne...
In 1777, one year since he had taken reign, Kin...
Last year’s critically acclaimed show ‘30’ sold...
Set during the Tang Dynasty, The Robbers tells ...
Lao San is a young veteran high in Kungfu power...
A Thriller set in 1932 about two nurses trapped...
Laughing (MICHAEL TSE) is formally a police und...
Chinese actor Liu Ye, who has portrayed a Forre...
In a district within Hong Kong five gangs have ...
Feng (Shawn Yue) is a former undercover cop who...
A 5 member gang, led by Seok-Tae (Kim Yun-Seok)...
A team of Interpol agents arrive in the city to...
Yi-Hwan (Lee Min-Ki) is a former professional b...
On a television show billed as “the greatest fi...
A grieving couple move to a remote Irish villag...
A crew of seasoned criminals led by the notorio...
Lucky Luke becomes the Sheriff of Daisy Town an...
Painful memories arise when Kai Koss goes back ...
A successful lawyer who, in order to save her d...
A young girl uncovers a disturbing secret about...
A suddenly single guy invites what he thinks is...
Martin Vinge, former notorious journalist, now ...
Set in the 19th century, when lowly butcher Dol...
Pressured by his deceased mother's ghost to ret...
Until now, Zak Gibbs' greatest challenge has be...
Sung-ryeol (Cha Seung-Won) is a detective in ch...
Jobless, besieged by creditors, and abandoned b...
Retired mob boss Du-heon enrolls in a cooking c...
Yu-jin and her blind mother move to a small vil...
Teddy Yu is a former secret agent turned chirop...
One rainy night in an arms factory near Shangha...
Jae-hyuk is a pharmaceutical worker for a medic...
The story takes place in occupied Korea at the ...
Popular TV anchorwoman &amp; late night radio h...
In 19th-century China, during the infamous Qing...
The Founding of a Republic is a Chinese histori...
Paradise Found is a biography about the painter...
A home invasion irrevocably changes the lives o...
Faith of My Fathers is based on the story of Li...
Death-row inmate Sudo (Pierre Taki) sends a let...
A month after Genji Takiya graduates, a new bat...
Mark, a man who commits perjury for his company...
Amarilly comes from a large family in a working...
Maybe the best thing to come out of Scandinavia...
Santa is allergic to cats, so he has a policy a...
Could you trust a jury of your peers with your ...
A matriarch organizes a feast with her family, ...
A comedy about a New Year Eve celebration in on...
Once taken her job because of her appearance, a...
An unlikely protagonist slinks around in “The C...
After he performs a dangerous dare-devil stunt ...
In-Soo (Kang Ha-Neul) has a special gift to see...
Jae-Mun is a seasoned veteran of the gang. Alth...
What kind of scenes in a horror film scares you...
After losing his job at a scrap metal yard, Kyu...
On the eve of the dreaded university entrance e...
Elite attorney Kang Seong-Hee goes up against a...
KAMUI is a Ninja on the run from the world of N...
An assassin who is fresh from his latest kill b...
Sang-Hyun, who lost his wife, lives with his da...
A teenage girl suffering from amnesia discovers...
Gi-soo, Myeong-sik and Ah-rom were members of t...
A seemingly random series of bombings in a prov...
Michael Adler has run away from his suburban ho...
Inspector Lam investigates the brutal murder of...
A serial-murderer is on the loose who just so h...
A kidnapper disappeared 15 years ago without a ...
Five young people, a quiet doll maker in a whee...
The film begins with the sad state of affairs i...
The story revolves around three members of a po...
HA Yoon-ju becomes the newest member to a unit ...
This is a powerful period piece murder mystery ...
Guns &amp; Talks is a South Korean film release...
They say Hong Kong is the safest city in Asia. ...
A young man awakens from a six-year coma with t...
A criminal, a bank clerk and a police officer f...
Set in the year 2017, the Japanese government a...
Jong-Woo (played by Sin Ha-gyoon) is a poor, be...
First Down. Second Chance. Skylar is a star qua...
A man is found burned to death inside of a car....
Real estate tycoon Wong Ho-Chiu (Anthony Wong C...
In this uncompromising vision of the gritty Kor...
A woman suddenly disappears. Her fiance then se...
A tale of revenge, honor and greed follows a gr...
"Familiar Strangers" asks the question. "Is it ...
Jo Dae-yeong is a police officer investigating ...
When the boss of a ruling Hong Kong triad is ar...
One day, Hye Lin, the five-year old daughter of...
A series of murders resembling Ji-yoon’s horror...
Ousted chef Wong Bing-Yi is determined to help ...
A horror movie about the mysterious happenings ...
Master Law awakes from a 30-year coma without m...
In this sequel to "Tokyo Raiders", wisecracking...
Two police pursuit drivers, a hothead rookie an...
As a North Korean sleeper cell agent, Ryu-han i...
A cop, a lawyer, and an assassin cross paths af...
A Hong Kong-set mystery centered on a detective...
Kin Suk-hyun is Korea’s youngest appointed crim...
Back in his high school days, Joon-Seok (Joo Sa...
Manson Law, a celebrated stockbroker in Hong Ko...
Law was a chauffeur for the rural tycoon Luk, a...
An action-adventure story focused on the lives ...
Sung-chan is a top detective of the special cri...
A powerful triad boss has been kidnapped, and t...
Mika (Riisa Naka) is a flight attendant on boar...
Heaven's Soldiers is a 2005 film from South Kor...
Ho Sheung Sang finds himself wrapped up in anot...
Television made him famous, but his biggest hit...
Leslie Cheung plays Rick Pang, an IPSC champion...
The plot of this film has a young beautiful spy...
A cop is forced into early retirement due to re...
In the hazy aftermath of an unimaginable loss, ...
Five interwoven stories of remarkable courage f...
Established in 1960, Tower Records was once a r...
A teenager teams up with the daughter of young ...
A feature documentary on African American balle...
The movies follows the incident knows as the se...
Two narratives clash violently in this meditati...
Cast, crew, and fans explore the classic Back t...
A portrait of the brilliant, extravagant Kristi...
Smooth advertising executive David is in a rela...
Chi-yi is a veteran cop, who values his own saf...
Ishigami comes home from work and discovers his...
Sang-ho is an ordinary high school student. His...
Serial killer Kang-Cheon made several victims. ...
In the clandestine research tower of a ruthless...
After a year passes since the sudden death of a...
Cab Calloway plays himself in a plot about jeal...
Deep in the heart of the English countryside li...
At the age of 51 and after 20 months on unemplo...
Frank Mollard, divorced but still attached, can...
Gloria never imagined that an audition for the ...
"Marius" takes place in Marseilles' Old Port, a...
While spending the summer at her grandmother's ...
Few of the popular Blondie films strayed as far...
A freelance computer hacker discovers a mysteri...
This is the story of more than four hundred Ame...
Lifepod cronicles the trip of eight passengers ...
In order to find her father in Surinam Grace is...
Ida and Albin are a happy couple. They set off ...
This extraordinary testament to survival from E...
The film speaks about universal themes of love,...
Chaplin, in his traditional Tramp persona, is a...
The film revolves around a Hindu man (Paresh Ra...
Mischievous botany professor Parimal Tripathi p...
A bodybuilder ends up falling madly in love wit...
After passing the hat and taking the donations ...
High-concept Sci-Fi adventure about an island t...
The tailor's handyman (Chaplin) burns a count's...
Chaplin plays an assistant in a pawnshop run by...
The friendship between two life-long girlfriend...
On May 9, 1986, a small ranching community in W...
In "Haunted Pillow," TVB starlet Fala Chen is s...
Sex, politics and American culture are mixed in...
The Witches of Oz follows the exploits of the g...
Follows the tale of a 17-year-old on house arre...
From the creators of You Can Heal Your Life: Th...
Despite the advent of science, literature, tech...
After a painful breakup, Leah seems to meet the...
A washed-up music producer finds one last shot ...
Two strange sisters live in a crumbling mansion...
Leopold De Angeli is a talented playwright, but...
A hitchhiker gets a ride with an oddball woman ...
A police detective tracks a serial killer who i...
Michael Higgins plays an outwardly charming you...
In the town of Dillford, humans, vampires and z...
Single mum Meera is an Australian of Indian ori...
Costi leads a peaceful life. At night he likes ...
Dolores, a woman of bad temper and good feeling...
His name might not be very familiar, but the wo...
Lucy Castillo, a young med student, has just gi...
It's All Hallow's Eve. A trio of costumed misfi...
This is the story between single mother houseke...
When T. J. and Benji, two California twenty-som...
Two Narcotics Detectives find themselves in an ...
The town of Downers Grove looks like your avera...
A group of native Liberian missionaries make a ...
When Alex, an infiltration expert with a secret...
Ten stories from horror's top directors. Ghosts...
Four strangers on a drunken wedding dash from L...
A light hearted comedy following a group of fri...
After Japan's loss in the war, the wealthy, cul...
The Day the '60s Died chronicles May 1970, the ...
On the night of his seventh birthday, sweet Alf...
When a single mother and her two young children...
Set in early 19th century Romania, a policeman,...
A glamorous, colourful coming-of-age story that...
Based on a story by Jules Verne and featuring b...
Cass Bunning, a farm boy with a talent for shoo...
August 1944: proceeding with the invasion of Fr...
A college student takes a break and goes out to...
Behind the locked doors of a mental institution...
A gang of bank robbers is pursued by an insuran...
A detective tries to stop whomever is murdering...
The engineer MacAllan designs a tunnel, which w...
Flying from one charming lady---eluding another...
Louise Mason is a young widow who fills her emp...
Lee is a world-weary American woman who arrives...
Italian political thriller directed by Massimo ...
This documentary focuses on the unusual life an...
A Japanese publisher urges his American-educate...
With a war on and most men being drafted, Howar...
A group of Northern vigilantes, roaming the pos...
When the German Afrika Korps smashes through th...
Two conmen, posing as missionaries, are out to ...
The strand that opposes the bourgeois morality ...
This rare Italian action adventure tells the st...
Mercenary takes revenge on bad guys. The Last M...
When a group of gifted college students run a s...
A beautiful but poor young girl finds all the m...
A convicted racketeer becomes prison trustee wh...
An American gunslinger kills a Mexican man in C...
The events of the war in 1944, from the Blue Hi...
An honest cop enters the dark world of murder a...
Kiek is worried as her father works in a war zo...
Following the death of his mother, Karol Wojtyl...
A successful businessman attempting to resurrec...
An urban husband and wife travel to the jungle ...
“Half Baked” meets “Superbad” in this hilarious...
Inocencio Prieto y Calvo receives a letter tell...
The film tells an episode of the life of a kind...
A documentary following the exploits of a group...
A rave party off the coast of Goa, goes horrify...
The world's worst actor Danny, meets the world'...
Nearly 100 years after its creation, the power ...
April 5, 1943: a battalion of the Foreign Legio...
A group of friends go on a roadtrip and come to...
Aanmodderfakker is a coming-of-age film, but 15...
                                               NaN
An examination of an image - a falling man from...
                                               NaN
Pünktchen und Anton is a 1953 German film based...
An 11-year-old boy becomes an unlikely superher...
Drama about a father and son who set out to fin...
A veteran of the Chechen War is helped by the g...
Lithuanian photographer, the legend of Soviet S...
Ludwig Guttmann, a renowned German neurosurgeon...
On October 21, 1967, over 100,000 protestors ga...
During the solar eclipse of August 11, 1999, Ch...
During a shootout in a saloon, Sheriff Hunt inj...
Using a special camera that can see spirits, a ...
After falling in love, three roommates experien...
Government official Ling Choi Sin journeys to t...
Dr. Reineger, a famous neuro-psychologist, has ...
This is the story of a rational, skeptical woma...
At the house of a famous Chinese botanist teach...
The story is a documentary of research that sho...
The legendary Loreley has been living for centu...
An old witch seeks vengence through the daughte...
A group of researchers gathering material for a...
The Knight Templars return in this fourth insta...
A serpent, created by radioactivity, threatens ...
Lilli Palmer owns and runs a school for wayward...
Blinky Bill is a little koala with a big imagin...
N recounts the story of the Frenchman Raymond B...
Set against a backdrop of a turbulent, war-torn...
In a hyper-linked social media age, an orphaned...
Based on a true story about the collapse at the...
Northern Italy, 17th century. In a monastery, a...
Mizuki’s husband Yusuke went missing for 3 year...
A young man with mental health issues becomes i...
In total despair, Anja is about to throw hersel...
Self Made tells the story of two women - one Is...
Seven geniuses, with IQs over 200, are plucked ...
The film stars Oguri Shun as an experienced mou...
The Story of a Man Who Became a Train Operator ...
A clan of watermen capture a crew of sport fish...
When his clan, including his wife and baby girl...
When Jiro Sawada was a sophomore in high school...
Last Fourth of July, teenager Christy Bruce dis...
Some time during the Rattanakosin Kingdom, Mak ...
Le Rossignol is a Russian conte lyrique in thre...
A gangster known as "Samurai" wants to turn the...
With her unique blend of honesty and unapologet...
Suspecting that people around him are turning i...
US Army sergeant Cody Cullen's horror tour in A...
Big Bird and his Sesame Street companion, Barkl...
Since A.D. 50, a mysterious sacred artifact kno...
An animated anthology of 5 stories adapted from...
After the trolls' victory over the Snow Queen, ...
The young police man Vincent is the best in his...
Six years ago, Robert Kenner, a mild mannered p...
The tribes of Israel need to defeat the superio...
Prompted by a just-published book that holds ex...
When passengers on a train are attacked by a cr...
Barbie and her sisters, Skipper, Stacie and Che...
Varian Fry rescues more than 2,000 artists from...
This mini-series focuses on two people, Tracy W...
A washed-up trainer takes a self-destructive yo...
In September Liz tells the story of Liz a model...
A comedy-drama about a Black American female ph...
A black and white, fantasy-like recreation of h...
Fireworks revolves around a young man (played b...
An intimate biopic of Pedro Zamora, an HIV-posi...
Hard is about a gay serial killer and the gay d...
This investigative doc exposes the US sugar ind...
Egil (Knut Agnred) is just an ordinary painter....
Cenk has just arrived back to Istanbul from the...
                                               NaN
                                               NaN
Sinan (Mert Firat) and Olcay (Acelya Devrim Yil...
At 2 Ela lost her ability of seeing and hearing...
In a small Turkish town, two young tuberculous ...
A Pulitzer-winning writer grapples with being a...
A young woman becomes trapped in her car after ...
Two elderly criminals spend their final night i...
Dooley and his K-9 partner Jerry Lee are ready ...
In 1950s Australia, beautiful, talented dressma...
A woman discovers her new husband wants to keep...
An assassin working for the CIA decides to take...
Long time inmate Twitch (Kurupt) gets himself t...
A massacre survivor (A.J. Cook) studies serial ...
Four bored ghosts in a haunted house who've sca...
The Big Bad Wolf torments Robin Hood and the Th...
Mickey is first seen reading Gulliver's Travels...
The princess (Minnie) is to wed the Prince (Goo...
Mickey is playing Christmas carols on a standup...
A loose retelling of Hansel and Gretel: two chi...
Flowers and trees dance to the music in this Si...
At Christmas time, Mickey Mouse, Minnie and Plu...
Two little pigs cry wolf on their brother and t...
The "fearless warrior" of the poem is a very sm...
Mickey is a stage magician, and Goofy is a stag...
Donald, Mickey, and Pluto climb the Alps. While...
Mickey has been reading Alice in Wonderland, an...
Mickey leads his polo team Donald (on a mule), ...
Three orphan kittens are entering a society hou...
Pluto chases a kitten through a window and righ...
A robin is shot so the woodland community holds...
To the tune "I Would Like to Be a Bird," a youn...
A dark and stormy night. Pluto is spirited away...
Mickey's a shovel operator and laborer at a con...
When a devastating boat crash shipwrecks a grou...
Left by his wife (Polly Bergen), a vain rodeo s...
Balto and the other sled dogs are feeling dejec...
Two young couples are driving through a remote ...
The whole family will enjoy huge laughs and gia...
Bigfoot kidnaps some women and some bikers deci...
An innocent project transforms into a perilous ...
The film tells the story of an eight meter long...
Dr. Michael Cayle thought leaving the chaotic l...
A group of college friends are reunited after t...
Tells the story of the Kung Fu sub-culture from...
On the outs in Hollywood due to the blacklist, ...
Patty McCormack's "Mommy" is psychotically obse...
A (dubbed) Alice Cooper stars as Victor Raven, ...
In this cunning mystery-horror hybrid, college ...
  Documentary about basketball star Dirk Nowitzki.
During the Cuban missile crisis in 1962, a Russ...
A teenage boy and girl discover a renewed sense...
A renegade police officer tracks a rapist sprea...
Waymon has a great job in real estate and a pro...
Lei Ming, a noble young martial arts student wh...
A British diplomat is arrested on charges of wo...
A look at the trials and tribulations of The Co...
Fortune hunters from all over the country rush ...
                                               NaN
Errol Flynn is atypically cast as French crimin...
                                No overview found.
Horror fan Tal Zimerman examines the psychology...
When a pop-star cousin comes to stay, a family'...
After a bombing raid destroys the family store ...
As Indonesia prepares to invade the tiny nation...
A bodybuilder, a junk-food addict and a wild bl...
A reporter tries to stop the crash of an aircra...
The life of a simple piñata salesman named Don ...
Kylie Winters, a bullied and self-loathing teen...
It's a beautiful day in Slottsskogen, Gothenbur...
This made-for-TV movie follows a group of frien...
In 1994 two young twins are found brutally murd...
An investigative reporter finds the will to liv...
Artificial Paradises tells the story of Nando a...
A mad scientist captures young women and drains...
In the 9th Century, two Viking children, separa...
John and Tina meet in a park one day. They imme...
A total re-edit of Mario Bava's gothic classic ...
A mysterious knife-throwing viking warrior prot...
A drifter helps a ranch couple fend off the app...
A lone rider comes across a dying soldier, the ...
A liberal-thinking author watches his wife as s...
The career of screenwriter Dalton Trumbo is hal...
A businessman comes up with a scheme to make mo...
                                               NaN
Two famous gunmen, Lord and Bull are called to ...
A Yankee gunman, Hallelujah, is hired by Mexica...
John and George McIntire are a couple of naive ...
Ramirez, the general of the Mexican revolution ...
George Hilton is the infamous highway robber St...
                                               NaN
Tricky Dicky is after a gold treasure with his ...
A poker player on a losing streak meets a beaut...
It's the year 3000 and a nuclear war has turned...
While watching two children on Halloween night,...
This WW2 epic was one of the last movies of tha...
A pyromaniac, ex-employee of a city oil refiner...
A lusty Greek shipping magnate courts the widow...
A middle-aged stock actor goes to London to try...
A man awakes to find himself trapped in a dirty...
High above Hollywood Mary-Kate and Ashley Olsen...
Follow Mary-Kate and Ashely halfway around the ...
The Challenge is an action adventure/adventure ...
The movie centers on a group of animals in a na...
After committing a crime for which he is likely...
Tuomas, a man in his thirties, has lost everyth...
A documentary on the fine dining subculture of ...
When Ilan Halimi is kidnapped for ransom becaus...
In the fall of 1962, a dramatic series of event...
Mother Nature gets revenge on some careless cam...
A prostitute named Tong Tong enters the life of...
Paris in the 1920s. Marguerite Dumont is a weal...
Paul Harris works at a small research facility ...
Man-eating crocodiles return to the lake as two...
A game warden moves his family to Lake Placid, ...
Follows Jim Bickerman, a poacher who discovers ...
Orazio Menicotti is a night policeman in Rome. ...
Ciccio and Franco flee Naples because they are ...
Peppino, a slow-witted local villager of the It...
In 1866 New Mexico, Tom Corbett is a prospector...
Senator Pupis feels a strong and uncontrollable...
A young woman abducts a doctor whom she holds r...
The spirit of a comatose teenage girl possesses...
The spirits of Nazis who were killed by bombs w...
A series of murders rock a dance academy in New...
Lester Parson is a lonely gigolo who dates and ...
A woman with psychic powers has a vision of a m...
Young boy who sees his father gunned down kills...
A Canadian archaeological team in Sicily accide...
This erotically charged drama from Japanese dir...
Young Hana had lost everything in the earthquak...
A man and his wife stumble upon a town whose in...
Ambulance-chasing lawyers takes on the case of ...
“Soldier of God” A film by W. D. Hogan  From Th...
Aimo and Milla are living together at Milla's a...
Teodora, a Roman courtesan and former slave gir...
Sam must rescue a beautiful Chinese princess fr...
Maciste travels to Hell to find a witch and mak...
A millionare is unwittingly led into murder by ...
In 1935, American audiences were treated to two...
Django arrives in the town of Santa Anna at the...
(1964) Alan Steel, Lisa Gastoni, Mimmo Palmara,...
Scientists discover that a group of meteors are...
The new science teacher Dr. Julian Olcott with ...
A crew of young researchers escape into the fut...
More money flows through the family courts, and...
1960. The thrilling battles waged by a band of ...
Occupied France; Lebrac leads a play war betwee...
Paige's crush on her professor takes a twisted ...
After giving up her mafia husband to the police...
Follows the lyrical journey of an imaginative t...
Sarah Smith, an artist and government hydrologi...
In the summer of 2005, a package arrived at the...
Set in Victoria, Australia, the made-for-TV Wit...
In this tension-packed thriller, brothers Mike ...
The Ryries have suffered a loss: the death of a...
Reverend Huie Rogers is a preacher at the Bible...
Herzog's documentary of the Wodaabe people of t...
Werner Herzog follows mountaineers Hans Kammerl...
When an alien force wages war on Earth, only th...
Wrongly condemned for killing his wife, a man f...
                                               NaN
A depiction of a series of violent killings in ...
The original TV Addams Family members prepare f...
Treevenge details the experiences and horrifyin...
A Chinese special force soldier with extraordin...
Through archival footage Nicholson tells the st...
A bandit leader endowed with supernatural power...
Emanuelle, a reporter, comes just a little too ...
One hundred years after a nuclear war has devas...
While operating behind enemy lines, Sgt. Mike R...
In a polluted future Venice researchers work to...
A tiger shark bred by the Navy as a killing mac...
A woman floating on a raft in the middle of the...
Commandos head deep into the Amazon jungle to r...
Mondo Movie dealing with various sexual aberrat...
A modern priest investigates nuns' claims that ...
                      Armida, the drama of a bride
Messalina (played by gorgeous Betty Roland) is ...
A dramatic thriller based on the incredible tru...
A number of 'missing person' cases are reported...
A nurse is taken hostage by a patient pretendin...
                                               NaN
Dutch painter Jan-Van Rooyer hurries to keep a ...
Four stories, based on four fables of Lafontain...
French novelist Henri-Francois Rey adapted his ...
In occupied France during the WWII, a German of...
While on vacation, a woman's husband is taken b...
Footage of a concert given in Moscow, Russia, b...
Taking place years after The Haunting of Molly ...
A young composer is suffocating in his social a...
22 year-old- Yan is trying hard to find his way...
An epic, untold story that brings to life the i...
Dr. Vishal, a mad scientist, turns into a blood...
In the year 1793, 17 years after Jeongjo became...
Set in a future Bangkok, the story picks-up aft...
A re-imagining of the classic Japanese comedy "...
A high school loser dreams of winning the heart...
Snoopy embarks upon his greatest mission as he ...
The film narrates the tale of Venu, owner of a ...
After his retirement, Raghavan Nair (Thilakan) ...
Edgar English cons a journalist out of some mon...
Fabian Groys, a renowned journalist for a polit...
A story about a New York Chinatown cab driver w...
16 -year-old Mari has just been released from a...
Agent John Keller goes undercover into the toug...
Zharko, leader of the Romanis in NYC,  passes h...
When a tour guide breaks into America's Most Ha...
                                No overview found.
In  2010 “Skinwalker Ranch” gained media attent...
THE DEVIL'S NEEDLE (1916, dir: Chester Withey) ...
CHILDREN OF EVE (1915; dir: John Collins) is mo...
Alex, a high-school boy fond of rock and punk m...
Young musician becomes an undercover agent and ...
It was at a very young age that Abby found hers...
While changing the pipes in the tanningbeds at ...
Homer Flagg (Lewis) is a railroad worker in the...
On November 15, 2013, the world came together t...
In a small Midwestern town a man is found dead....
An immaculate, vivid and breathtaking implement...
A young aristocrat, Aleksei Fedyashev, is langu...
When a quiet group of pensioners learn that the...
Lenfilm's most recent major production spins a ...
A pilot and his twelve years old sun are going ...
This is a wonderful three-part music video, sho...
Former criminal investigator, Major Korenev, ni...
Belle Duke, in order to get revenge on her form...
Фильм создан в жанре музыкальной комедии по мот...
Near the close of the Russian Civil War, in 192...
A feature film based on the three-part adaptati...
Looking for Lola is a comical look at the world...
A drama about a life of two sisters - Nadya  an...
Two students are late for the last commuter tra...
A 3-D documentary chronicling a sea turtle's jo...
During the twenty years school reunion classmat...
Mr Jonny First arrives to the Wild West to pres...
The Hound of the Baskervilles  is a 1981 Soviet...
Based on a classic fairytale "Cinderella" brill...
Dyuishen is assigned to the mountainous Kirghiz...
По вызову своего жениха, Светлана поехала в зах...
A lonely journalist in some West European count...
Once an evil inventor created a mirror, "in whi...
Three London gentlemen take vacation rowing dow...
During a spaghetti western screening a man is s...
A young woman snarpshooter fighting with the Re...
Thomas, a father in his fifties, returns by cha...
Three naval cadets accidentally get possession ...
Dan'ka's and Ksanka's childhood in the village ...
In a post-Armageddon world, a young woman finds...
A divorced mother, her young son and her new bo...
The film is based on a true yet unsolved murder...
Feel-good movie about a college life of couple ...
The film encompasses some of a lifetime span of...
Sandook is a Marathi movie starring Sumeet Ragh...
It is an action-adventure-romance laced superhe...
Sumitra travels to Pandharpur to find a ray of ...
A college teen named Rege slowly becomes engulf...
Poshter Boyz is a humorous take on a key social...
Duniyadari (Marathi: दुनियादारी) is a 2013 Mara...
Premachi Goshta (Marathi: प्रेमाची गोष्ट , mean...
Time Please is a Marathi film released on July ...
Tatya Vinchu comes back to life after 20 years,...
The film grapples with multiple issues, but pri...
Yedyanchi Jatra is an enjoyable portrayal of ho...
Shikshanacha Aaicha Gho is a 2010 Indian Marath...
In today's hectic world, what everyone really n...
The Devkule family comprises of various "intere...
Zenda (Marathi: झेंडा) is 2010 Indian Marathi f...
                                    Bollywood 2009
                                    Bollywood 2009
A Forest officer send in a small village to cat...
A scientist makes a coat with natural powers. T...
Plotting to make some quick cash, conniving you...
Rejected and shunned by 35 prospective grooms a...
It is the story of a middle class bank employee...
Lakshya finds a bottle, which has Gangaram trap...
Dhananjay makes Parshuram and Sudhir to act as ...
Bhola (Sunil Dutt) falls in love with his new n...
Taking place almost entirely over the course of...
Raju is a joker, a clown. It is what he is and ...
Orphaned Raju, in the company of four elephants...
After helping a stabbing victim to the hospital...
A family is plagued by the vengeful spirit of a...
Rosie Perreira is an overly anxious widow, livi...
Jwala Prasad is to marry the girl of his dreams...
Nirmala Gupta runs her household and family in ...
Anand lives a wealthy lifestyle in Bombay in a ...
Seth Dharamdas(Trilok Kapoor) is a wealthy busi...
Ramprasad is appointed as a house-keeper for Bh...
Two zanies open a photography studio. They scor...
D.K. Malhotra lives a comfortable lifestyle wit...
Hero is the story of a criminal transforming an...
Sparkling comedy about a meddling friend whose ...
Suman lives a wealthy lifestyle along with her ...
Khamosh is 1985 Indian thriller directed and pr...
Mr. Malwankar lives a small tenement in Grant R...
Charandas, a young man in a village has no aim ...
Based in a small village, Gauri, who lives with...
When senior police inspector Vishwa Pratap Sing...
A dying Thakur Surjeet Singh bequeaths the enti...
A poor but big-hearted man takes orphans into h...
Mahesh Deshmukh has joined the nation's armed f...
Raj (Naseeruddin Shah) is a slum dweller, who o...
After the sudden death of her dad, Sameer, and ...
Karan (Alok Nath) lives in a small house with h...
Unable to conceive, Thakurain Lajjo enlists the...
An evil sorceress feeds the blood of new brides...
Orphaned, poor, and handicapped Aman is befrien...
Devi is gifted with Extra Sensory Perception (E...
Phool Aur Kaante (English: Flowers and Thorns) ...
When a gangster takes over the art of karate an...
Ramlal Sharma lives a poor life-style with two ...
Vicky lives a wealthy lifestyle with his widowe...
Sunder Srivastav, a village teacher by career, ...
A 1993 Bollywood Comedy starring Govinda and Ch...
Rahul Malhotra (Aamir Khan) is the manager of t...
Ashok Bansal has a traumatic childhood which te...
Ballu (Sanjay Dutt), a notorious, cunning, and ...
One-time rival collegians, Vikas Sabkuchwala an...
When a jury member takes in the defendant he co...
Finding love is never easy. For Ravi Patel, a f...
Four losers join forces to refurbish an abandon...
                                               NaN
A dramatization of the methods in which young w...
               Film directed by Renato Castellani.
Comedy drama written by Tom Stoppard (based on ...
An aircraft crashes in the Florida Everglades, ...
With Blue Mountain State football star Thad Cas...
A young woman's friendship with a drug-dealing ...
A sewage worker gets trapped inside a septic ta...
Collegian Ajay Sharma was born on 2nd April 196...
Lack-lustred and alcoholic Pratap Narayan Tilak...
Film starring Sunil Shetty, Karisma Kapoor and ...
Inspector Amar Damjee discovers a terrifying cr...
Badal (Bobby Deol) is a naive but intelligent y...
A convict studies law in prison and becomes a l...
Film starring Akshay Kumar, Sunil Shetty and Ka...
Goa based Joseph Braganza and his wife Flavy, d...
Ravi Kumar is clearly the black sheep of the Ku...
This is a story of a handsome young taxi driver...
Homeless and orphan Karan works as a dreaded ga...
Suraj Kapoor is a single, wealthy young man. On...
A small town in Bombay is brutally subdued by a...
Wealthy Janki falls in love with poor Jaiprakas...
Rahul is a dancer and the director of a dance t...
Bhai is a 1997 Bollywood Action film directed b...
Mrs. Malhotra (Reema Lagoo) is the mother of tw...
When Governor Jaisingh Sinha is murdered, the n...
The affable Nandu (Sanjay Dutt), a small-time c...
Mistakenly appointed as a college professor, ha...
Fellow Police Inspectors Arjun and Pyare work i...
After witnessing the brutal slaying of her Fore...
Beautiful, talented, young and attractive Muska...
The story follows a young man (Bobby Deol) who ...
Spain 1812 The Duke of Wellington plans to lay ...
Sergio and his father, Simão, haven’t seen each...
Screenwriter John Davies has grown tired of liv...
Zoe, a strange child has a not so imaginary fri...
An adventure about Mick, aged 11, and his quest...
The lives of urbanites intertwine in a world wh...
WHEN THE IRON BIRD FLIES takes us on an up-clos...
Is there such a thing as a "gay voice"? Why do ...
A crazed rock singer returns from the dead to m...
Desiree lives deep in the swamp and supports he...
Girl is decided to leave her boyfriend and to r...
When the chaotically misfortunate Jenkins and t...
This is a very fantastic and different world ab...
A family who moved into a remote mill house in ...
Kyuta, a boy living in Shibuya, and Kumatetsu, ...
Ray is a 30 something engineer obsessed with Gu...
Based on Naomi Klein's book This Changes Everyt...
George is released from prison after 14 years o...
A Hong Kong man goes on vacation to Nepal where...
Portugal 1813. A band of deserters, including S...
Étienne Meunier (Benoît Magimel) is a young exe...
After WWII is over, a young officer Volodya Sha...
The Master and Margarita is a Russian TV mini-s...
Swedish tv movie directed by Lars Lennart Forsb...
Clara doesn't know what she wants to do with he...
There is no place in the world where the prison...
                                               NaN
A contemplative portrait of Ron 'Stray Dog' Hal...
Tiina decides to reconnect with his aged and bo...
3 young men. 19 countries. 20,000 kilometers. 1...
A comedy that follows several people on an Augu...
Neighbors in a block wake one morning to find t...
Story follows a group of young Londoners as the...
In a Brazilian coastal village where everything...
Pettersson is a hard working director in the po...
On a sight-seeing road trip of India, U.K. base...
The trials and challenges of a joint family in ...
Talented singer and dancer, Chandni's life is d...
Anand Kishore, his wife, Kavita  and only child...
While alone in the house, a woman hears news of...
Romance meets crime drama, when Nisha and Sunil...
Surjit finds out that his sister is in love wit...
Prem and Pooja lead an ever so normal rich life...
Hero (Salman Khan) loves Rani (Rani Mukerji), b...
On May 1st 1993 a bomb explodes in Gangaram Par...
Mast is a 1999 Bollywood musical film by Indian...
Aftab has been brought up his mother, Mariam, a...
Policeman Vishal is shot when his boss bungles ...
Dhadkan is about Anjali (Shilpa Shetty) who is ...
Wealthy, world-wide business-man Shyam Prasad B...
Kurukshetra is a story of war between evil and ...
Roopa, a beautiful young village belle is much ...
The films tells the story of an un-named Indian...
A story about a girl named Priya (Preity Zinta)...
In 1993 Fiza's brother disappears during the ri...
Jeeva is a small-time criminal leading the life...
Raj is a struggling singer with big dreams, who...
Major Jaidev Rajvansh (Anil Kapoor) and his fel...
This warmhearted comedy takes place in a househ...
While returning home from the marriage of her f...
Gangaram alias Ganga has been raised by his fos...
Raju, a waiter, is in love with the famous TV r...
Badal is a victim of the 1984 riots, brought up...
1813. Major Sharpe's old enemy, Major Ducos man...
In this sequel to the award-winning You’ve Been...
A revolutionary film about the cinematic genius...
James Brown changed the face of American music ...
It's 1969 at a strict English girls' school whe...
On their way to find Paris, Sture the dog (Hass...
One young Japanese man struggles with his desti...
This action packed Finnish thriller tells the t...
Emilka meets the slightly-older Maciek out at a...
A scientist explains how the savagery and effic...
San Francisco has long enjoyed a reputation as ...
Lithuania, 1977. Memories of childhood, adolesc...
                                               NaN
Bruno's plan to win back his ex-girlfriend hits...
Six young college hopefuls vacationing and part...
Shot exclusively in a secret sex club in New Yo...
Lights, Camera, Action! When a much-desired Hol...
Come Back, Africa chronicles the life of Zachar...
To impress his fiancee's aunt, a young man trie...
This martial arts spectacular showcases 20-year...
San Quentin's new warden crusades for reform an...
Growing up gay in the South, a high school girl...
Mathias is in love with Frederik, but is he rea...
Wheeler and Woolsey play two soldiers who go ab...
The eternal Hercules in this film has gone way ...
Though Genghis Khan eventually sought peace wit...
Hercules is summoned to oppose the evil Queen S...
In the Land of the Head Hunters is a 1914 silen...
A short film about gender roles, Trans, and wha...
Szabolcs plays in a German football team, as do...
A new bride gets caught between her decadent hu...
Based on the true story of the "death match" wh...
Joe just told his boyfriend, George, that he is...
TRU, 37, is a serial bed-hopping lesbian who ca...
A young man finds his divorced mother having se...
16-year old Emilie has always been a boy inside...
Eight drug addicts are waiting for their connec...
A newlywed couple journeys west to make their f...
Wu Sung, a military swordmaster, is acused of m...
Lance, a teenager, dreams to be a secret agent ...
Native Americans in Los Angeles. For 12 hours o...
A disabled man yearns for intimacy in a world t...
A mysterious figure tries to stop a woman's mar...
Intercutting dramatic vignettes with newsreel f...
A working-class love story set in and around th...
Joseph and Helen, who had been boyfriends, ther...
Summer in Menorca. The young Olivia has lost al...
A plain suburban housewife, the past victim of ...
Short silent documentary from 1931 about those ...
When Meg gets thrown out of her apartment windo...
It is the story of Jiri and Jan, two Czech sold...
The director of the enigmatic, entirely memorab...
When a young deli-counter clerk and general sla...
The bonds between Naomi and Ely are tested when...
Eight strangers go into a locked room for clini...
                                               NaN
Felice Della Pietà is indifferent to money and ...
Surreal science-fiction fantasy about a student...
Three men and their accidental meeting on a bri...
The title refers to those strange coincidences ...
An accidental meeting between a man being press...
Explains different educational proposals based ...
Pointing out the importance of maintaining a pl...
Fourteen-year-old Mackenzie is sent to live wit...
A couple of friends work for a taxi driver to r...
Fighter Pilot: Operation Red Flag follows Ameri...
The C Word is an adaptation of Lisa Lynch's ins...
An Iranian family survives the shah and the aya...
The former World Heavyweight Champion Rocky Bal...
William &amp; Kate is the first of two unrelate...
The Viking town of Berk, now enjoying its new a...
Innocent Steps is a romantic Korean tale about ...
Alyssa Milano, who also serves as producer, sta...
The second installment of Gendarmes series, tel...
The whole clique of Cruchot's police station is...
The ambitious police officer Cruchot (Louis de ...
The bungling inspector Cruchot (Funès) finds hi...
Thomas Turgoose (This Is England) stars as Davi...
In the world of jazz, women have long been marg...
Goose leaves the gang life behind after pleas f...
Adopted from South Korea, raised on different c...
    Scrat struggles once again to protect his nut.
A psychic doctor, John Clancy, works with an FB...
David Kolowitz, a nice young man living with hi...
60's sex comedy set at an apartment building wh...
Deborah quickly cultivates a rabid legion of Sa...
A 19-year-old is coming out of prison and tryin...
Bruce Lee, My Brother is an action-dramatic bio...
The Little Ghost lives in the castle over looki...
Jane McCoy, a recent college graduate, much to ...
To zwariowana historia czterech przyjaciółek (Ł...
Bohaterem filmu jest 50-letni biznesmen Tomasz ...
                                               NaN
A shocking story about addiction and attempts t...
The personal journey of young Sita is not only ...
In an incendiary story of love, desire, and bet...
Natalia is a 17-year-old mom living with her mo...
A sociopath begins a relationship with the daug...
A prison convict escapes through the Louisiana ...
After her father dies and she moves to a new to...
Ally (Emmanuelle Vaugier) is a smart young care...
An unlikely basketball team of unappreciated mi...
A small time crook and a newly-orphaned teenage...
When Karthik is given a task by his producer to...
Told his battalion is to be split up due to lac...
The big-budget, epic film on young King David w...
In a small Italian village, Maria De Ritas is e...
Three Nights of Love is a 1964 drama film direc...
A young woman tries to deceive both her husband...
Tells a dark story about a young lawyer that fa...
In this Italian film, part melodrama and part s...
Andrew's brave front convinces his father that ...
Police commissioner Santamaria is investigating...
Like many uninsightful fathers, Nicola is very ...
                                               NaN
                                               NaN
                                               NaN
Magnificat is a 1993 Italian drama film directe...
Shunned by his church, a seminary student (Stef...
Although released anonymously, as was the custo...
In Nazi-occupied Rome, a beautiful bootlegger, ...
Vanina Vanini, a bored, spoiled Roman countess,...
Directed by Roberto Rossellini (his final film)...
                                               NaN
A barber, murderer because of jealousy, spends ...
Giovanna d'Arco al rogo (English: Joan of Arc a...
                                               NaN
Lino Settembre and his wife Chicca lead a tranq...
When Davide's father, a maker of B movies, dies...
Three years after his wife, acclaimed photograp...
Bruno is a young film editor who has just broke...
After thirteen years in Germany, Fernand is com...
Léonard Monestier owns a large fortune, alas hi...
Four blind Indian boys compete to become chess ...
A great French restaurant's owner, Monsieur Sep...
Alice is your typical modern woman, juggling he...
On his death bed in the 1820s, King Ferdinando ...
A father is without the means to pay for his da...
Fed up with her parents' bickering, poor-little...
Set in the Mojave Desert, the film follows a br...
A series of short films set in the Brazilian ci...
Four friends at a prestigious university whose ...
Kir, Leya, Dasha and Max are student. Almost ev...
Sharpe, with his new commanding officer, is sen...
A documentary on the history and present-day re...
The story of the biggest demonstration in human...
Set in Paris, A Man working in fish delivery be...
                                               NaN
Hannah and Tahir fall in love while homeless on...
Two roommates discover that the family of one o...
4 would be astronauts spend 400 days in a land ...
Do-Hee experiences family violence. Young-Nam w...
Marco Poloni's family owns a bakery in the Bron...
In the early 60s, Bernward Vesper and fellow un...
Nine-year old Andreas struggles to cope with th...
After his young son goes missing, Lei (Andy Lau...
Four nameless people -- the old man, the woman,...
Mourning for a lost relationship can be every b...
Whilst King Gros Pif I amuses himself at debauc...
Guillaume has made it: A machine that can clean...
Eddie Durkan, the self-proclaimed leader of the...
                                               NaN
                                               NaN
                                   no overview yet
The Two Lives of Mattia Pascal is based on Le D...
                                               NaN
The Razzi family owns a small factory of sweets...
On New Year's Eve, an insecure, struggling actr...
Don Paolo, a young parson troubled by his love ...
                                               NaN
The family of Vittorio Missoni went ahead with ...
                                               NaN
A sanitary battalion of Italian Army is sent to...
The story centers around a graduating class of ...
A detective, fresh out of the academy (lowest m...
                                               NaN
Lambert, a burned-out case, works the night shi...
Michel works there manically solving people's p...
During the end of the world, two best friends w...
The Mysterious House of Dr. C. (1976) is a rare...
A new starlet is discovered and has ups and dow...
A documentary on China, concentrating mainly on...
A hunted man breaks into the castle at Oberwald...
A three-part anthology film about love and sexu...
Celal Tan is a well-respected constitutional la...
                                               NaN
A group of young high society friends, aged bet...
In a small Anatolian town life goes on; Cemal i...
Anders Østergaard’s film is an investigative lo...
Lonely since his wife left him and alienated fr...
An eccentric multimillionaire signs an agreemen...
Ben and Bill are the two worst, completely usel...
When four generations of the Cooper clan come t...
Loosely based on the novel The prince and the P...
Hark! The Herald Pundit Sings! America’s favori...
A young woman who has just become engaged has h...
Double-agent Alexander Eberlin is assigned by t...
After working for more than 20 years as a count...
A Lebanese photographer living in Brazil in the...
In 1950's Hollywood, movie star Guy Stone must ...
Two estranged friends travel across the country...
Bruno is an architect who has a perfect life: A...
      Silent adaptation of Shakespeare's King Lear
About the life and adventures of a gang of aban...
Diogo Álvares, a Portuguese map illustrator, re...
Young Tim Cornish's life has begun with great p...
A young couple, Ganga (Shobana) and Nakulan (Su...
Neelakantan, heir to his father's fortunes, is ...
Two womanizing slackers, Omi and Jai (Rakesh Be...
Sharpe is teamed with a Colonel he helped promo...
Half-brothers Galaad and Noé first meet at thei...
The whole family is reunited when Sofia comes b...
A police detective uses any means possible to t...
In Coaltown, Pennsylvania, miner Coke Mason hop...
Two men who have been friends since childhood f...
Set during the Prohibition era, when wine maker...
Harum is a fearless man of the people who comes...
Undertow stars Scott Brady as a gambler just ou...
After stealing a gangster's money and his girlf...
After robbing a sea captain in New Orleans, a b...
The long-lost father (Charles Boyer) of a frigi...
A man tries to come to terms with his father's ...
Over 350,000 tons of highly radioactive waste a...
In 1984—before cell phones, the web, and realit...
An independent documentary directed by Bobbito ...
An intimate and inspirational portrait of Segwa...
A Coney Island-inspired, densely-layered visual...
How the quest for an ephemeral monster changes ...
In 15-years the Black Mafia Family, or BMF as t...
Their relationship on the rocks, a young Brookl...
                             Standup in Las Vegas.
A dramatization of the missions and adventures ...
A chronicle of Marilyn Monroe's family life and...
A documentary that weaves together the stories ...
Only 11 Americans have ever been charged under ...
After a serious accident on a film shoot, Marc,...
A history of the French Revolution from the dec...
                                               NaN
A tolerant veterinarian turns the other cheek w...
Michel Berthier, cadre supérieur d'une entrepri...
Galindo works in a bank. One day he convinces t...
The Greek movie has a family in its main focus ...
Set in 1992, a manager Vincent has to run a chi...
In 1924, Hidesaburō Ueno, a professor in the ag...
In the near future, the areas between major cit...
A beautiful Polish girl whose lover has gone to...
A virus from outer space transforms a bio-resea...
A young married woman from Montreal's Orthodox ...
The Tortoise composed a song and the Lion cub l...
Parrot, Monkey and Elephant are excited to unde...
Young Jim Hawkins is caught up with the pirate ...
German apparently disavowed this, his first fil...
The movie takes place during Russia's civil war...
One of the most popular Soviet films of the 60t...
With 'little captain' Cambrai raising serious d...
Young girl from the country come to Moscow, she...
A young composer has vivid dreams of the past t...
A young romantic loves step dance but there is ...
The film begins in the 1980s Soviet Union. Two ...
The 3rd part of the famous trilogy by Alexandre...
The new adventures of four musketeer friends......
                                               NaN
A musical comedy based on the classic play by T...
A Soviet cargo ship carrying medical opium gets...
An actor owes big bucks to the Vegas mob. He's ...
Many years ago, a young aristocrat wanted to ma...
A Romeo &amp; Juliet-esque tale set in Uzbekistan.
After an unfortunate incident causes him to lea...
                                               NaN
In the second movie the Naval Cadets are guardi...
A funny musical comedy based on the famous thea...
A young girl decides to join a Husar squadron a...
In the third movie the Naval Cadets are still s...
The story begins when Alice Postique, who had t...
A brilliant continuation of the saga, now in th...
Lyudmila doesn't have any luck in finding the p...
The Russian Civil War is over and the White Gua...
In a small Russian town, there is a Research In...
Adventures of Mowgli is an animated feature-len...
A musical partially based on a sci-fi novel "Th...
Oliver Stone documentary charted the post-WW2 h...
Detective Kostenko is trying to find a group of...
Detective Kostenko is traveling between Moscow ...
Army and police are trying to fight crime in We...
Beginner DJ Shreds and world-renowned cellist V...
Three friends awake after a stormy party in a t...
Muzafar and Feruz are two easy going shepherds ...
Jelena, a woman of character, rules an inn in a...
The Hornblower series is based on C.S. Forester...
A fairytale about the Princess, the Musician, t...
Serafino a young and innocent shepherd inherits...
A young woman arrives in her school where she m...
This is the story of four French friends: the G...
Two aging comedians who acrimoniously dissolved...
A year later the men are still talking, but thi...
A "documentary" about the major influence that ...
Holmes and Dr. Watson help a young lady who is ...
A film director Nikolai Khudokormov is on the b...
The series is based on a true story of a Russia...
The continuation of a story started by Alexande...
A story of an apolitical police commissar who i...
The spiritual and material misery of a group of...
Rimini, 1991. For more than a year, the uno bia...
The Twentieth Century Approaches is a 1986 Sovi...
Le clan Bettoun : Raymond (le patriarche), Maur...
Much like looking through a window, Iblard Jika...
The movie is about an old disabled lady who liv...
This story take place in Moscow during the 1970...
A debt-ridden night club owner has to take on I...
An FBI Agent (Michael Rooker) and a female cop ...
Influencés par une série de casses, Sam et Paul...
                                               NaN
Four years after the death of Freddie Mercury '...
A very shy man takes 100 grams of vodka and... ...
A love story of two people which turns out into...
In the mountains, they stand alone against what...
Mycroft Holmes hands Sherlock Holmes the case o...
When a murder happens with a bloody inscription...
                                               NaN
The lives of several people spanning from 1936 ...
A young boy named Taichi Ogawara finds a fox cu...
A drama a life in a small Russian provincial to...
A group of survivors trapped in a New York apar...
A brutally sadistic rape leads to a series of b...
The “Summer Camp” horror trilogy was one of the...
After she becomes stranded in a small town, a y...
In a small college in North Carolina, only a se...
A genetically created Anaconda, cut in half, re...
Scott Rantzen (Brady Simenson) is a horror movi...
When he began fusing human and shark DNA, his c...
Ahab, a man obsessed with exacting a brutal, vi...
An obsessed fan and his mother kidnap former 's...
Ten contestants appear on a competitive reality...
Somebody with very little Christmas spirit is k...
Six young actresses auditioning for a movie rol...
Survivors of an airplane crash find themselves ...
5 beautiful girls win a contest to star in a ne...
It's 1905 when 12 year old Sophia plays all by ...
Explores the drama of power, political back-sta...
The Doctor and Clara face their Last Christmas....
It's Christmas Eve, 1938, when Madge Arwell com...
Amy Pond and Rory Williams are trapped on a cra...
A meeting in a London bus with jewel thief Lady...
The Doctor arrives in Victorian London, it's Ch...
When disaster hits the Titanic, the Doctor unco...
A young bride in the midst of her wedding finds...
The nephew of a librarian must go collect a 200...
Young girls are disappearing in and around the ...
                                No overview found.
A contagious virus is turning everyone into zom...
In this final installment, the Ninjas and their...
A single mom and her two daughters move from th...
Sam, a freelance journalist, decides to investi...
Zezé is an 8 year old boy who, although a naugh...
Alison Dodge, a 17-year old raised by her mothe...
A magnetic field anomaly allows a man to phone ...
A young man goes on a road trip with an old lad...
Film about a group of aid workers trying to res...
Ling is a fashion columnist whose ex-boyfriend ...
Mike, Chip, and Larry are three lusty, brawling...
A town supports the memory of an aspiring actre...
Fly-by-night producers dodge bill collectors wh...
                                               NaN
So begins an entertaining road story where we w...
Istanbul cirminal underworld; a place of mercil...
Based on a true event, Pardon tells the tragico...
                                               NaN
                                               NaN
Black Friday, the day after Thanksgiving Novemb...
A librarian facing a mid-life crisis travels to...
A teenage boy is sent to a juvenile reform faci...
The life of an illegal Russian boy who, after l...
When 12-year-old Mickey Miller moves from New Y...
The beautiful young daughter of a crazed count ...
An archaeological team unearths a body of a you...
A group of women afflicted with a horrible dise...
Tiger is the owner of a brothel who moonlights ...
The Emperor is under attack by marauders and he...
After an accidental drug overdose, a talented t...
Gay hair stylist Robin Turner does a lot of wor...
A man investigates the disappearance of his sis...
Based on Margaret Atwood's best seller, Surfaci...
Santos attempts to lead a people's revolt in Co...
An accountant (Hamlin) beleaguered by personal ...
Harlin Garret loses his memory and finds himsel...
A hospital in need of funds announces a cure fo...
When Dr. Johnny Dalton awakens, after being bea...
                  A family goes through a divorce.
Eva meets Tudor on the day of her 16th birthday...
Dolphin experts confront the US Navy when its s...
Two years after Jason Parks (Landy Cannon) save...
A resurrected Unicron has taken over the now-li...
A group of travelers, including a monk, stay in...
A poor family on the docks move to the city to ...
When John returns home to his father after serv...
Too much celebrating after scoring the year's b...
Meeting the right person at the wrong time can ...
Mona spins a tale to regain custody of her daug...
David's life is changed forever after his meeti...
                                               NaN
A troubled teenager attempts to conquer the gir...
Yuko is sent to the coastal regions to be raise...
On his release from prison a young yakuza, alon...
Tied to a mountain between her brutalizing spou...
A topless dancer attracts, seduces, then murder...
When Pa wins a jingle-writing contest, he and M...
Philip Kwok plays a repentant killer who vows t...
The notorious “One-Armed Swordsman” who has spe...
A Chilean family deals with the new values in a...
Salomé's story interpreted by a director and a ...
One of Al Pacino's directory experiments, Salom...
Based on Oscar Wilde's play telling the story o...
Chang Cheh directs this old school Shaw Brother...
"The Baron" wanted to commit the perfect heist ...
Sam Whipple, an attorney in once-upon-a-time-la...
Take two directors (Cheng Kang, who made the po...
The Emperor's armies have developed a new weapo...
Army Private Eddie Pratt smuggles his new bride...
Former CIA man, Bill Fenner, now a downbeat, lo...
Although Chicken does not make an appearance, C...
Bébé Tigre is Many, a 17-year-old Indian boy wh...
American businessmen and missionaries working i...
Four young men make a risky investment together...
A sharpshooting saddle tramp (Hugh Cardiff) wit...
A super-hero uses her powers to thwart an inter...
                                               NaN
A story of Hong Kong told by three generations ...
A beautiful story about youth, love, friendship...
Karol, an ordinary young man, runs into a much ...
When a mother returns to her musical roots, she...
Documentary filmmakers assert that Anthony Port...
Sharpe is framed as the thief who stole Napolea...
The water is tainted. The Taint poisons the min...
In a secluded valley in Iceland, Gummi and Kidd...
As a group of refugees tries to enter Europe il...
A German scientist works on a way of quelling o...
Becoming Me is a film about three young women, ...
This warm 90 minutes documentary shows us unkno...
A young man can only get the woman he loves if ...
A black jazz band becomes entangled in the aris...
Richard Pryor's impact on the craft of comedy a...
A young singer/songwriter, despite being marrie...
"At Risk" introduces Win Garano (Sunjata), the ...
Neil Young's 1978 concert tour, documented in t...
During autumn of 1944, an RAF Hudson carrying a...
A trip to Lisbon helps a nerdy guy who is quick...
A heavily neurotic young man starts to see his ...
A magical and moving archive trip through the u...
There's no subject too dark as the comedian ske...
Anthony Jeselnik brings his signature dark and ...
    A man attempts to marry into a wealthy family.
In an old house in Hanoi, Bi, a 6-year-old chil...
She has been called the Martin Luther King of S...
A documentary following the career ups and down...
The story of two brothers: one who’s devoted to...
A young undercover FBI agent infiltrates a gang...
In an attempt to stem the heroin trade from Ira...
lena Johnston is Antione, the War Goddess of th...
When her father is murdered, a cosmetics heires...
A man falls in love with a beautiful young woma...
Philip Kimberly, the former head of the British...
Adamın biri yolda cüzdanını düşürür, başka bir ...
Recep İvedik'in güldüren, tartışmaları da düşün...
                                No overview found.
Recep Ivedik coaches the children football team...
Amira, an aspiring young dancer, is cast out of...
In September 2011 writer Michel Houellebecq bri...
In a cheap hotel-room in New York City Jelke sh...
A french police unit that try to stop a group o...
THE SMILE MAN focuses on a gentleman dealing wi...
In a desperate attempt to reunite his broken fa...
A ventriloquist struggles to survive with no au...
Evgeniy's hobby is to send fake letters to real...
A limo ride turns hellish as several kidnappers...
A commercial-free variety special starring Seth...
Lyrical and powerfully personal essay film that...
When a woman is being called in the middle of t...
Michel is a young technician in the fledgling T...
In the Kerepesi Street cemetery, three grave di...
Petey Wheatstraw (Rudy Ray Moore) is a candidat...
Tamasha is about the journey of someone who has...
From the imagination of James W. Griffiths, one...
Robin Hoodish gangster in 1929 Chicago is an ob...
Dr. Sturdy is trying to establish a modern hosp...
Shiek Yousseff, poses as a friend of the French...
                                                  
In turn-of-the-century San Francisco, an ambiti...
A detective's wedding is postponed when gunshot...
The film is about the health resort Granhedsgår...
Four years into his first stable relationship, ...
Katyar Kaljat Ghusli is a 2015 Marathi film bas...
The story of USS 'Belinda', a U.S. naval ship, ...
Beloved priest Father Thomasino is murdered in ...
If you remember Shelley Winters from "The Posei...
Naked Among Wolves (German: Nackt unter Wölfen)...
The story of Eddie Slovik, who was executed by ...
A prostitute looking for her next meal hitches ...
A documentary on the unrest in Ukraine during 2...
Christopher Cowin is in his mid 30s, a family m...
The last remaining production of Le Prince's LP...
The last remaining film of Le Prince's LPCCP Ty...
Experimental film made to test the original cyl...
Experimental film that follows up on the result...
Sallie Gardner at a Gallop was one of the earli...
A film by Louis Aimé Augustin Le Prince, shot i...
Moving picture of London's Trafalgar Square tra...
Photo sequence of the rare transit of Venus ove...
From the director of Is It Just Me? comes this ...
Dramatization of the notorious "Noida Double Mu...
In this contemporary retelling of the Cinderell...
A famous surgeon is beaten by drunken bullies, ...
Experimental film fragment made with the Edison...
Phirojshah (Naseeruddin Shah) and Pestonjee (An...
A chronicle of the life of Indian boxer 'Mary K...
A political drama set in the fictional country ...
A bittersweet tale of lost love, based on a sho...
A story from the wilderness, where conditions o...
Another planet in the period of medieval times....
In this allegory on capitalism, director of a k...
The first portion of this film is a documentary...
Four people are affected by one man's disappear...
Handsome young Katsuta tries to follow the yaku...
Three stages in George's life, and three girls ...
                                               NaN
The story about the heavy water war unfolds dur...
A night watchman spends time on a basketball co...
Falling Overnight tells the story of twenty-two...
Music rules and rainbows rock as Twilight Spark...
Canterlot High meets its rival school, Crystal ...
Amy has moved east from Kansas, determined to s...
Employing an intimate interview style, Grammy- ...
A state senator is murdered outside his home, a...
A stranger rides into Rainbow Valley where he's...
Paul Hubsschmid is Paul Finney aka Upperseven, ...
Django's father is framed by his business partn...
The evil crime syndicate Thanatos is bent on ta...
Hit man Antonio Mancuso travels to Italy to mak...
An Italian nobleman seeks help after his paraly...
A Miami TV reporter is sent to a local universi...
The Japanese population’s reaction to the catas...
An old sanatorium is deteriorating in an isolat...
Filmmakers discuss how Francois Truffaut's 1966...
                                               NaN
This romantic drama follows two policemen whose...
16-year-old Cassie Sullivan tries to survive in...
An Arabic tale that takes place in Scandinavia....
This holiday-themed children's film offers a un...
Django, bounty killer, hunter and repentant ban...
Carlo Antonelli, an engineer from Genoa, gets m...
Onion Jack (Franco Nero) has bought a piece of ...
Nico Palmieri is a police inspector who battles...
Drug use in the city of Rome is at an all-time ...
During the American Civil War, a Confederate pr...
The British High Command finds itself in the th...
An American narcotics agent is murdered in Ital...
A ragtag group of people have to fight extermin...
A young boy witnesses his parents' murder. Late...
On his way back from the Civil War, Johnny Hami...
Any Gun Can Play (Italian: Vado... l'ammazzo e ...
Chamaco finds himself on the wrong end of a fir...
Elizabeth is in a car with her boyfriend when s...
Bill Murray worries no one will show up to his ...
Santa narrates the story of Buddy's travels to ...
Steven Spielberg Presents Animaniacs: Wakko's W...
Arnulfo Rubio smuggles weapons from Arizona to ...
The hunt, capture and trial of Guy Georges, one...
                                               NaN
A 10-year-old South African orphan leaves his Z...
Rocker Pete Jones is in trouble. He’s solo in h...
Minoru Kawasaki directs this comedic psychologi...
Orania is a remote village in the barren centre...
    The horror story based on Nikolai Gogol novel.
10,000 Days ago, Comet 23 struck Earth with the...
When Julián receives an unexpected visit in Mad...
If She's Going To Save Christmas, She's Got Som...
The film is a day in the life of a young artist...
NBC embarks on its latest musical holiday tradi...
From a short story by Kurt Vonnegut. Christophe...
As Spud Milton continues his awkward stagger th...
With his sidekick Rusty, Jeff Harper sails to p...
Charley is a surgeon who's recently lost his wi...
Alex's dreary life is reignited when he meets R...
Rafael Sabatini's story of the swashbuckling er...
Director Noel M. Smith's 1952 western stars Den...
Two fast-talking insurance salesmen meet Mary, ...
The ringmaster of a flea circus inherits a fort...
Criminals and a beautiful but cunning hitchhike...
Buenos Aires screenwriter Pablo is hired to wri...
A New York City bank teller becomes a media cel...
Jimmy Stevens, a senior VP at an international ...
Daniel Bone is aiming for success. A Brooklyn g...
                                               NaN
After the unexpected death of their daughter, a...
                                               NaN
Recorded one night at the Albert Theatre in Mar...
Sanjay's Super Team follows the daydream of a y...
Based on the fact that mountain party Åkneset, ...
On his birthday, a hitman reluctantly takes on ...
Two young men seek the solitude of the country;...
A beautiful girl who has everything. Charming, ...
Against a backdrop of Swingin' 60s London a you...
                                               NaN
A modern Cinderella in Paris: While the plain K...
Composed entirely of still photographs shot by ...
A housewife's (Catherine Deneuve) affair with a...
When a troubled teen is subjected to severe bul...
                                               NaN
Hundred years ago, three students at the Helles...
High school student Mikaela is attracted by her...
Based on a story of Countess Bathory, a serial ...
Frank, Sara and their two children have recentl...
In Canada, more than 500 cases of Aboriginal wo...
DRONE is a documentary about the covert CIA dro...
The President is the story of a dictator of an ...
Follow-up to the TV trilogy "Heimat", this time...
Tommy Kirk leads his fellow Martians to Earth o...
It's Halloween eve on Shelter Island, and the s...
A group of talented but rebellious 'rock-star s...
In End of the World, the fate of humanity lies ...
Just in time for the joyous holiday season, thi...
As a rogue planet roars through our solar syste...
Los Angeles is about to be hit by a devastating...
When another Mega Shark returns from the depths...
A modern day adaptation of the ancient Greek pl...
A small boy discovers a mystical power as a chi...
Two hospitalized young people discover that thi...
Love, loss and hope are tumultuously explored a...
Jim Henson’s Turkey Hollow follows a family who...
With raging boy hormones and the laugh quotient...
Madeline is the smallest of twelve girls in a b...
Franck and his girlfriend Sonya, plus some of t...
A documentary directed by Winding Refn's wife, ...
When a suspicious man bribes Emil with chocolat...
To show his girl how brave he is Fatty challeng...
The Little Fellow finds the girl of his dreams ...
Documentary presented by Rageh Omaar which reve...
In the place between what you know, and what yo...
When a private eye, a jilted bride and a myster...
Jack is 24, sometimes he's a drag queen named S...
An entertaining vérité look at world champion d...
Filmmaker Roman Polanski spends a weekend with ...
Experimental film fragment made with the Edison...
After being profiled in the film AGING OUT, Ris...
When an odd string of suicides begins to occur ...
August 1995: Mikiya first meets Shiki in a whit...
July 1998 - After a group of delinquents is fou...
January 1999: Apprentice mage Azaka Kokutou, Mi...
In February 1999, a string of murders has Shiki...
                                               NaN
The all-powerful Monkey King once roamed freely...
An edgy action thriller set in Las Vegas during...
A behind-the-scenes look at news anchor Dan Rat...
MOTHER TERESA, recipient of the Nobel Peace Pri...
ANOTHER GAY SEQUEL finds our heroes ANDY, NICO,...
This Christmas, a super frozen object is going ...
                                               NaN
An object is shot down over Seattle and the deb...
In the tenth year of the Trojan War, tensions b...
The story concerns a special undercover squad a...
A school bus with young children being kidnappe...
A detective sick and tired of the rampant crime...
Count Raimondo and his girlfriend Veronique ret...
A group of people, to escape the plague, took r...
In a school where the meeting seems more comple...
Cult director Richard Stanley brings Marillion'...
In a small Welsh town where people talk to them...
Italian immigrant Rudolph Valentino makes it bi...
On Chicago's South Side reporter Ed Ames finds ...
A nanny taking care of two kids discover secret...
The daughter of a Nevada casino owner gets invo...
A missionary's widow meets charming Mark Bellis...
John Hoyt plays a high-ranking Nazi being prose...
When a daredevil kid named Ernie, his sister Ju...
Office worker Truly Lin goes on a journey throu...
A young man chases his dream of becoming a pro ...
Top Cat and the gang face a new police chief, w...
The men who made millions from a global economi...
Notorious hacker Drew Reynolds is captured by t...
Having slept for a century, the monstrous Tree ...
Every Tuesday night, radio talk show host Stevi...
Hilarity, romance, and transcendence prevail af...
Decades later it's a little hard to appreciate ...
Long considered lost since its first release, t...
The executive producers of High School Musical ...
The poor outlying districts of Bangkok are a wo...
                                No overview found.
Viviana (Andrea Lopez) and Alicia (Martha Isabe...
                                               NaN
When his long-lost outlaw father returns, Tommy...
Mike, a former France Boxer, moved to Thailand ...
2015 Malayalam thriller film written and direct...
Vineeth, a senior reporter, tries to interview ...
Raghunandan (Mohanlal) is a TV show host and a ...
Mental patient Arnold Masters, hospitalized for...
Canadian acting legend William Shatner takes vi...
Armed with boyish charm and a sharp wit, the fo...
A dreamy, ironic comedy about a generation of h...
Saw is an Australian nine-and-a-half-minute sho...
Northpole, the magical city where Santa and his...
During World War II in Greece, under the submis...
A ratings hit! Amy Schumer debuts her one-hour ...
Sixteen year old Sergei is the son of Boris, th...
Melvin, a reluctant hero who is far from super,...
After workaholic Kevin has a drunken one night ...
On December 10, 2007, Led Zeppelin took the sta...
Two parallel stories about people trapped in il...
This is the true story of five brawling hockey ...
When Seung Min was on his first year at the Aca...
Laura is still waiting for Prince Charming at t...
In the early morning of April 9th 1940 the Dani...
Documentary following the history making Nottin...
The story of a young writer's transformation wh...
Experimental film of a wave, recorded on the ba...
William K.L. Dickson and William Heise shake ha...
Five friends – a poet, an actor, a painter, an ...
A suicidal artist goes into the desert, where h...
Far from intensive farming and industrial outpu...
Judith notices some very creepy things are happ...
Cal and his family are driving to their new hom...
An investigatory story that centers around an A...
In southwestern China, state athletic coaches s...
Documentary about the psychotherapist Irvin D. ...
Henrik is a young father who lives in Stockholm...
A young woman struggles to move on with her lif...
'9-Man' is an independent feature documentary a...
Vito Polara is ambitious and wants to get as mo...
On the Italian/Austrian front during World War ...
                                               NaN
Carmine Bonavia wins election as the mayor of N...
                                               NaN
                                               NaN
Locked up in prison and awaiting execution, bor...
                                               NaN
A scientific expedition to Loch Ness runs into ...
A train headed for Denver carrying nuclear wast...
Traveling on the Space Shuttle, covers training...
Inept beings from the planet Kabijj land on Ear...
Calvin, a young pizza delivery boy, is mistaken...
A 15-year-old girl's transformation from conser...
Gabino becomes obsessed by his ex-girlfriend wh...
Spy School is the story of a twelve year old bo...
Powerful magic cast by Alex spells trouble for ...
Tong catches Chiu attempting to rape his wife M...
Second Skin takes an intimate look at three set...
This 3-D film chronicles the love, community, a...
Documentary directed by Johanna Lee's that expl...
An exhilarating documentary film that celebrate...
Adventures of Ivan the Fool and humpbacked hors...
Long married 50-somethings Brigitte and Xavier ...
1979: Cousins Carole and Jérôme go on an organi...
Persona Non Grata in his homeland, protest sing...
Stefania, works in a bookshop. Shortly before s...
A documentary look at striking workers in a tex...
Award-winning director Yoav Shamir (Defamation,...
A group of paranormal investigators sojourned t...
Carmilla comes to a rural town where her mother...
Produced, written and directed by Yılmaz Güney ...
Political and sexual repression in Hungary, jus...
The Legend of Bhagat Singh is a 2002 Indian his...
After the brutal murder of his beloved brother,...
GONE TOO FAR follows two estranged teenage brot...
Religious psychopath Sawney stalks Scotland abd...
Four young offenders and their workers spend a ...
'Chemerical' explores the life cycle of everyda...
FOR LOVERS ONLY is a story of a MAN and a WOMAN...
José Henrique Fonseca crafts an ambitious and ...
A chronicle of the civil uprising against the r...
Early autumn, godforsaken Russian countryside. ...
When the wife of a crime boss is accidentally k...
On a cold November day in 1983, is the world's ...
"The Pink Floyd and Syd Barrett Story" tells th...
Rudolph must find Happy, the baby new year, bef...
Wolfgang Beltracchi got away with forging art m...
Set in a futuristic Japan after the end of a br...
Christmas, Again tells the story of Noel, a you...
Patricia (Kate Fahy) and her two children, youn...
Story starts with a summer fling between a prov...
The everyday lives of teenagers, coming from va...
When the new boy in class, Jørgen, moves into t...
A former CIA operative is kidnapped by a group ...
Elliott Gould steals Army nerve gas to help him...
       Early Edison short showing two men fencing.
                                               NaN
A little girl is taken on a mind-bending tour o...
Clara and Nikolai meet at a sweat-soaked rave a...
Welcome to lush Dinosaur Island, where a tribe ...
Derek and Hansel are modelling again when an op...
Johan is a two-fisted Gothenburg cop who finds ...
Johan Falk and his colleagues at the GSI go aft...
The film is set in the middle of winter in Ysta...
See the sport of surfing as it’s never been cap...
Kenneth (who likes to call himself Kay) begins ...
A young man discovers that not only does he hav...
Tarzan goes to New York to rescue the chimp Che...
Jukka, 13, is coached in photography by his ope...
Die Akte Golgatha ​​(or: Akte Golgatha) is a TV...
As Chicago gears up for its annual Thanksgiving...
A young boy is bored spending time with his dul...
In order to get out of an extreme situation, wo...
Barney Thomson, awkward, diffident, Glasgow bar...
Three poor Black kids in rural Mississippi reap...
A scientific experiment goes haywire, creating ...
Documentary about four friends on a 3,000 mile ...
Set in the African savannah, the film follows K...
A widower sends daily reminders to the petty cr...
A heady brain teaser of a film with unexpected ...
Sung (Chow) is by far the best lawyer in Guangd...
Star Chow (Stephen Chow) is about to be kicked ...
The Benson brothers, who are smuggling guns acr...
When a young girl finds a beautiful dead lily i...
A teacher discovers in a five year-old child a ...
Before he went exclusively style-over-substance...
Kung (Eric Tsang) and Kin's (Jacky Cheung) riva...
After a spate of murders, the villagers of Scht...
'Hitting the Apex' is the inside story of six f...
New York City is full of lonely hearts seeking ...
A feuding double act try to make it in the cut-...
A young man tricks his homophobic father into a...
Three old friends from college move back in tog...
While in medieval Korea, a young girl sets out ...
November 18th 2011 a small Danish film crew dis...
A new girl in a quiet town, Tess tries to manag...
An unspeakable evil has come into our dimension...
The world knows Paul Newman as an Academy Award...
The holiday season gets extra chilly as Loki an...
Rin Okumura is raised by a famous exorcist name...
In this documentary, recovering addict and ampu...
A dog that is a minion of Satan terrorizes a su...
North Korea. The last communist country in the ...
A troubled teenage sharpshooter decides to aven...
Two Step is a fast-paced Texas thriller in whic...
Maya becomes the target of the Russian mafia af...
A behind-the-scenes look at Moscow's prestigiou...
The Bowery Boys head west to clear Louie of an ...
Jack is a solitary man with a mysterious past. ...
Berkeley university professor adjusts (using al...
Rasheed (Lal) is a Malayali non-resident Indian...
A group of misfits decide to leave for a place ...
A socialite is murdered and her playboy lover i...
10+10 is a project initiated by the Taipei Gold...
Da-Nian is a young man from Taipei. He goes to ...
A romantic drama about a blind man and a somewh...
The daughter of a rich man,Wen helps out with h...
A brother who loves books and a sister who love...
When alcoholic homicide investigator Valnikov i...
An NFL journeyman struggles to deal with life's...
Two brothers who hate themselves are going to s...
Jeff, a young delinquent, is enrolled by his fa...
A high powered business executive takes on an a...
In a dry and dusty post-apocalyptic world, two ...
The movie is a post-apocalyptic horror/science ...
Chris is a psychic who lives his life out of or...
Raggedy Ann and Andy leave their playroom to re...
A Christmas Carol was a 1949 low-budget, black ...
This film depict events from the Life and minis...
25 years later after the events of Samurai Cop ...
Eskil moves from town to town with his father i...
Director Thomas J. Tobin's 1977 drama about col...
18th century in the north of Sweden. A story of...
A young woman discovers that she is the focus o...
When a group of young people camping in the rui...
To save a girl in danger, a priest and deacon j...
Dae-man is a crime enthusiast who runs a power ...
Luis has just returned home after spending time...
Five men are hired to paint the yellow line the...
Hubert Wolfe, bestselling author, suffers from ...
Die zehnjährige Emma freut sich auf die Ferien ...
The Runway is inspired by the true story of a S...
In the small town of Seacliff, Wash., a child's...
A tragicomedy full of slapstick and vignettes, ...
Max finds himself in possession of an ancient s...
A group of martial arts students are en route t...
                                               NaN
Alien pods come to Earth and, naturally, start ...
Alien pods come to Earth and, naturally, start ...
A thriller centered on a couple who makes an ol...
                                               NaN
Heavenly angel Harry Mills is sent to Earth on ...
Uuno disguises as an old man and infiltrates a ...
                                               NaN
                                        Tupla-Uuno
                                               NaN
                                               NaN
                                               NaN
                                               NaN
Uuno's nose is proved to be so good, that he ca...
'Tup-Akka-Lakko' is sequel to 'Koeputkiaikuinen...
Mathematician Mauno Mutikainen is accidentally ...
Uuno Turhapuro, a useless bum who has married m...
Uuno moves in flight cargo to Helsinki for the ...
It is the first anniversary of Uuno and Elisabe...
Uuno is unemployed and his friends try to arran...
                              Finnish documentary.
Tony Danza stars as a thief named Jack Clayton....
An inexperienced college student meets a wealth...
                                               NaN
Tommaso goes incredible lengths to win back the...
                                               NaN
The penniless Duke decides to participate in "L...
John Martin is part of an American spy team dro...
As told to a psychiatrist: Mr. Peabody, middle-...
A Victorian-era drama about a beautiful young w...
Englishman Mr Howard is on a fishing holiday in...
An American (Joan Bennett) vacations in Europe ...
Renowned filmmakers D A Pennebaker and Chris He...
Lighter and livelier than the films Jean-Luc Go...
It's no exaggeration to say this might be the m...
Depeche Mode 101 is a fascinating documentary c...
Those who played prominent roles in Clinton's 1...
Judy at the Palace. Sinatra at Carnegie Hall. S...
The Videos 86&gt;98 is a music video compilatio...
Disc 1: Oh. You Pretty Things, Queen Bitch), Fi...
Emmy-winning actor-comedian Robert Wuhl assumes...
Drake and Lindsay are successful alcoholics who...
An adult-oriented version of what would eventua...
Docudrama about American poet Hart Crane, who c...
In South Dakota, in an Indian reservation, an o...
Three aliens from an unknown planet, who bear a...
When 19 year old Heather Walsh accepts a job on...
Susan Morrow receives a book manuscript from he...
In 1963 in the countryside in England, fifteen ...
This is the gripping and emotionally charged st...
Filmed over 5 years, A Syrian Love Story charts...
Toni Jo tries to break her husband, Cowboy, out...
An overlooked middle child finds himself in the...
Part I: BEFORE THE FALL: For several months, th...
Global climate change prompts a scientific corp...
As the staff of Good Friends Church Camp prepar...
The story of a mild-mannered radio executive (F...
Two disconnected sisters are summoned to clean ...
Hillbillies haven't died off; they've simply be...
A series of intertwining tales involve "pleasur...
While her life is falling apart, single mom Chr...
Lindsay is faced with a life-altering decision ...
With Christmas only a few days away, Paige Summ...
Susan is a newspaper staffer who decides to gen...
When an actual, honest-to-goodness royal prince...
Based on the New York Times bestselling book, C...
After a one night stand Deb wakes up in the mid...
A young bakeshop owner’s holiday season takes a...
The holiday drama follows an out-of-work actres...
After starting her first job at a country club ...
Meredith Rossman is the uptight heiress of Ross...
Holly finds her world turned upside-down when s...
Brie Traverston is up for partner at her firm i...
Sometimes, life just seems to hand you exactly ...
When Anna Parisi, an unemployed fine arts paint...
After getting fired from her job as a maid at a...
Karen Kingsbury's The Bridge is the sweeping ta...
Maggie Chalke is torn between her journalistic ...
"A Christmas Melody" revolves around Kristin, a...
Poor Santa Claus. This live-action feature find...
               New António-Pedro Vasconcelos movie
Continuing his "legendary adventures of awesome...
U.C. 0123. After a generation of peace, the Ear...
In UC 0093 the Federation has recovered from it...
For the past 150 years, humanity’s two greatest...
Naoko meets Yusuke while staying on an island f...
A mysterious stranger seduces three sisters in ...
The story of the Black Panthers is often told i...
Kaoru was suffering from xeroderma pigmentosum ...
TV writer Ji-ho (Jin-hie Park) has been secretl...
Danny wants something more. Expelled from schoo...
Tsuneo is a university student working part-tim...
Diving to save a camera from a fall down a flig...
Three stories are told, respectively set in Tok...
From silent film star Sessue Hayakawa to Harold...
Miho (Kaho), a high school student, refuses to ...
Adapted from the popular manga of the same name...
A woman named Seo Ji-Woo (Im Soo-Jung) traveled...
Shimizu Yuichi (portrayed by the wonderful Tsum...
Hong-yun is a high school girl in little mounta...
A comic artist and an unemployed sex columnist ...
On Christmas day, a bomb explodes in a shopping...
Very Young Girls, whose title reflects the fact...
Masaki (Takuya Nakayama) is about to move to th...
Nanami Hoshino, a wealthy entrepreneur, marries...
Officers Kyung-yoon CHO and Eun-joo PARK are on...
During fourth period, high schooler Da-jeong fi...
Set in the 1960's, Joe Yabuki (Tomohisa Yamashi...
"LoveHotels" is an omnibus love story, set with...
The Seaside Motel is trapped in the mountains, ...
30 something year old Yuriko (Noriko Eguchi) wo...
A woman leaves her cheating boyfriend and goes ...
Chelo is an architect, withdrawing from her soc...
John Liu (Takeshi Kaneshiro) is an aspiring vio...
Kent is ready to put his playboy past behind hi...
Lee Yoo-rim is a high school English teacher. H...
Frantic to be free of Felix, her wealthy but dr...
General store manager Akio (Tetsuji Tamayama) l...
Two teenagers joining the same class in a high ...
A man asks a womanizer to seduce his wife in or...
As a last wish, a recently hospitalized grandmo...
A week before Christmas Liza McCann visit her e...
Michiru has lost her eyesight, and to make matt...
Famous from an incredibly young age, DMH (Wang ...
Asuka is an aspiring model who moves to Tokyo t...
Clumsy and off-the-wall hit man Bong Min-jung (...
Based on the  series by the popular Japanese no...
Yoon-Jung accidentally calls a stranger, instea...
Young Atsuko Kagami comes into possession of a ...
Unknowingly trapped in her role as caretaker of...
A magician meets a weird girl and offers her to...
Shoko and Mutsuki get married to satisfy their ...
After her birthday party, ad executive Michelle...
At a Christmastime event, Jenna shares an impro...
                                No overview found.
Irmeli wants a certain job as a secretary but f...
Michel, a fifty year old man, graphic designer,...
Robotic Officer Tactical Operation Research. A ...
A giant mutated alligator runs riot in a small ...
TV-generation feel good story about a teenage g...
A gang of criminals, which includes a piano pla...
Before he lost his sight. Before he pledged his...
A documentary following the inspiring journey o...
A pizza deliveryman develops a bond with a girl...
David, Craig and Alicia are a triangle of young...
A Cherokee boy is a haemophiliac in a culture o...
Nestor the donkey is a bit of an oddity--his lo...
Kelly Lofton is a young, successful dentist who...
A recovering alcoholic travels to the untamed c...
Krisha returns for Thanksgiving dinner after te...
All My Sons tells the story of Joe Keller, a su...
The mirthful adventures of Police-Sergeant Samu...
Lonely in his English country estate, Sir Basil...
Stan and Ollie travel with a band of 18th-centu...
Eccentric Cambridge archaeologist Horatio Smith...
When private tutor Thomas Arnold (Sir Cedric Ha...
Voss entices local gamers to create a utopia to...
Drama based on life and stories of one of the m...
The daughter of a right-winger, schoolgirl Jing...
Commander Logar fools Arif and sends him 1.000....
Long ago the Lady Borealis placed the evil Wint...
Rebecca, Mrs. Claus (Tedde Moore) is worried th...
Two longtime rivals and elementary school teach...
With the Christmas season fast approaching, dep...
From its start as an unassuming family comedy i...
Based on the famous play "Bodas de sangre" (Blo...
Christmas is just two weeks away, it is pouring...
The Nameless Grad Student and his group must tr...
A troubled veteran gets a chance at redemption ...
My Lucky Star is a 2013 Chinese romance film di...
A Christian girl, Rachel Whitaker (Jordan Trovi...
Based on the hit Korean television series “I’m ...
Lorie Walker ( Meagan Good), attends a ritzy pr...
This sexy comedy proves that sometimes too much...
This is the story of 23-year-old Laura who live...
A group of women form an unlikely alliance to g...
A historical account of the romance between the...
Joshua and Penelope are survivors of a deadly i...
A city cop is sent out to the country to go und...
Ten years after their casino heist, four escape...
Three separate narratives each following a love...
Khosrow and Morteza set out on a mission to kil...
While on holiday in Rhodes, Athenian war hero D...
Joy and her family have just moved into a new h...
                                               NaN
                                               NaN
When a poker player hits rock bottom he enlists...
A young man studying in an academy secretarial ...
A comedy of errors in which the sweetly incompe...
An old woman's poignant reminiscence of her you...
Episodic film about the lives of a few people d...
Under provincial Italian law at the time, once ...
A dying German magnate invites his youngest son...
Steve McQueen: The Man &amp; Le Mans interweave...
Inspired by a true story, “Beyond the Blackboar...
Dawn, a middle aged woman who lives alone in a ...
1946 biopic with Ginger Rogers and David Niven,...
After peaceful aliens invade earth, humanity fi...
Every night, in danger of being beheaded, Scheh...
It recounts the harrowing story of life at one ...
The masterful new documentary from Wang Bing (W...
Boruto is the son of the 7th Hokage Naruto who ...
Corinna witnesses how three guys chase and shoo...
Mat and Alan, estranged brothers, reunite just ...
In this "lost slasher film from 1978," a masked...
A young singer's chance at fame is threatened b...
A writer returns home to his estate after servi...
Indian-born Manmohan Malhotra decided to re-loc...
The true story of Helen Betty Osborne, a 19 yea...
The world’s greatest killing machine is three t...
Jan Dara grows up in a house lacking in love bu...
                                               NaN
Many years ago Mr. Six was a notorious gangster...
A research team from an electronics company mov...
A university professor, confident that everythi...
The tragic true story of Jean Charles de Meneze...
Julia is a 35-year-old English Literature teach...
During the Carnival in the historical site of P...
                                               NaN
A talent agent summons a young singer to Sao Pa...
In a small town in the countryside in the south...
A tough police detective is falsely accused of ...
Comedy about teachers and students at a high sc...
Narrates the preparation for a wedding of a Spa...
A lonely young woman's desperate need for emoti...
The NPS (National Police Safety Rescue), whose ...
Krissy Kringle receives a delivery intended for...
This intimate drama follows Rebecca, a woman wh...
Kidnapped by a Los Angeles crime syndicate, a g...
Two years after the events of the Fourth Great ...
New from the #1 family comedy series of all-tim...
Seven of the funniest Christian Comedians on ea...
Hot on the heels of the hit DVD Thou Shalt Laug...
Strange phenomena begin to plague Senn, a facto...
This documentary looks at the conception, desig...
Daughter of Dawn told the story of a Comanche c...
Homer's Odyssey meets King of Kong as two über ...
Itzhak Rabin's murder ended all efforts of peac...
                                               NaN
Pixel Veil presents “The Alchemist’s Letter,” a...
A modern day sci-fi about Palmer Marshall, a st...
True story of Norman Bethune, a medical doctor ...
In this suspenseful crime thriller, Mr. Wu, a H...
After being dumped by her boyfriend just before...
Min-Jun and Ji-Won are first-rate "players" who...
After the sudden death of her mother, Aurore Ga...
     An ugly ducking attempts to become desirable.
"We Were There" follows the 10 year romance bet...
During the 2nd year of high school in the winte...
On the eve of his 25th birthday, the day he’s s...
Ding Bo (Chen Po Lin) and his friends Nan Feng ...
                                    japanese movie
Young-joon and So-yeo are a young couple with t...
Tedi Sarafian, writer of TERMINATOR 3: RISE OF ...
Kae Horii (Erika Sawajiri) moves into her new f...
Benjamin is a 16 year old half-side spastic wit...
"Crazy Waiting" follows four different couples ...
The Cyrano Agency is a dating agency which help...
"Drop" tells the story of a boy named Hiroshi S...
Tsukasa got into a severe car accident when she...
Renowned 70-year-old poet Lee Jeok-yo falls for...
In this anthology film centered around the them...
Momoko (Yui Aragaki) is a quiet and lonely high...
Mabel, Liam and Aaron have been friends since c...
Adapted from the novel by Otsuichi, and followi...
On the outset, the Okunos seem like a normal ha...
A comedy romance movie about the last generatio...
"Parade" is the story of a strange living situa...
De Kampioenen travel to France to play a friend...
Max sells trophies, but is much more interested...
Finland's submission for the Academy Award for ...
When you experience The Work of Director Spike ...
While filming professional bullriders for a com...
"Secret Society of Souptown" is an adventurous ...
Freelance reporter Jennifer and her two friends...
A zombie outbreak has fallen upon the land in t...
A divorced farmer takes in his troubled teenage...
An Indian-American surprises his family when he...
When an energy experiment goes haywire, a rash ...
Slip invites his cousin Jimmy to stay with his ...
A group of skiers are terrorized during spring ...
                                          Released
A simple peasant is forced to take up arms to d...
The images comprise only of material Sergei Loz...
Juan is the son of a poor widow in Seville. Aga...
Aviator Jim Blaine and his brother Neil are riv...
The second of two feature films edited from the...
The first of three TV-versions of the classic f...
                                               NaN
Cinderella (named Zezolla) and her family live ...
After an accidental explosion at a local mine, ...
At a big party, Roger Fallon, now a woman-hater...
In a world where clone soldiers from three mili...
Gangster Chandler and his accomplice Tracy arri...
The townsfolk are set on lynching an accused ki...
A dancer who has just gotten engaged to her par...
José, a Bolivian retired general, is lying on h...
Drama exploring the relationship between a conv...
Ma Barker (Theresa Russell) and her sons rob ba...
An offshore drilling accident triggers the rele...
Boardroom and dressing-room intrigues spill on ...
Spy spoof about Boysie Oakes, a British secret ...
An elderly couple's lodger, a British musician ...
In 1997, the Belgian public was in shock when j...
Muriel moves from a small village to the big ci...
An African immigrant living illegally in Belgiu...
Shy, gentle half-wit Dennis, whose only obsessi...
Ibrahim chooses to fall for young and handsome ...
Vincke and Verstuyft are detectives of the Antw...
                                               NaN
                                               NaN
Teacher Rob Dekoster is a good man, albeit a bi...
A chilling thriller about a woman, who upon mov...
Rocklin Colorado, 1925. A hard cold winter. You...
In Crazy About Ya, different characters meet. S...
A biography of the Belgian nun Jeannine Deckers...
A frank and funny romantic comedy set in Antwer...
The eleven year old cycling talent Freddy is th...
After an argument and fight with a wealthy one ...
Fifteen year old Deborah meets Jennifer who ste...
Two young man share an incurable illness. Is th...
Augustus 1996. De Belgische buschauffeurs Marce...
Manager Pascaline and chef Angelo have been, fo...
Businessman Christian Vandenheuvel planned to s...
Hugo Claus rewrote and directed Friday as the c...
The story of the laborer family Debruycker duri...
Frits and Freddy Frateur are brothers who, afte...
Besides the stray dog Mingus, 11 year old Sophi...
Koen De Bouw speelt Tom Vansant, een gescheiden...
Sammy Raes, a nice, naive law-freshman from a s...
Na een ‘incidentje’ tijdens een receptie voor d...
Nine-year-old Karo grows up with her parents in...
A famous writer is violated in a sex-movie-thea...
Nine-year old Andreas Decker is the new kid in ...
Sarah, a beautiful and gifted 15-year-old from ...
Belgium, 1978. Katja, Roxy, and a group of othe...
De 12-jarige Gilles droomt ervan om profvoetbal...
On the day of his forced retirement, a grumpy s...
Shy loser Diego wakes up after an accident and ...
A seven-year-old child, his brother Billy and t...
                                               NaN
A teacher moves after he falls for a student on...
Frits &amp; Franky find a lot of money in a car...
A veterinarian lives together with his sister a...
This melodramatic film follows Eline Vere, as s...
Gaston Vandermeerssche is a young, resourceful ...
                                               NaN
A series of mysterious events and the pestering...
6 personages. 24 uur. Een hotel middenin een hi...
In life, you don't get what you want. You just ...
A family film, based on a well-known Dutch stor...
A tale centered on the Battle of the Golden Spu...
Tom, een jonge, progressieve journalist, wil se...
Tony is a homosexual law student who quits his ...
                                               NaN
Karen, Kristel en Kathleen krijgen een uitnodig...
In a part of Flanders where flax is the main cr...
Gregory Peck is a boisterous sea captain in the...
A football team from Belgrade, former Republic ...
                                               NaN
A secret agent is dispatched to find a rare and...
A chaotic family go on holiday to Spain and get...
In a story that plays out entirely on a teenage...
An attempt to reconstruct the complete version ...
On December 12th, 1969 a bomb went off at the P...
A student moves into a run-down building in New...
This is the story about Robert Pickton, Canada'...
18-year old Jesse Winters, also know as The But...
Checco is 39 and lived his entire life with his...
Jim Ackland, who suffers from a head injury sus...
The crew of a submarine is trapped on the sea f...
Awaking one morning out of a drunken stupor, co...
Having been sent a picture of her husband, a wa...
Simon Templar is hired by a friend in the book ...
Will Hay plays a bragging sea captain whose mar...
There is one vibratory field that connects all ...
Cool Cat is the coolest cat in town. All the ki...
The film is about a high school tech whiz (Laur...
What happens when three sets of BFF's become en...
Mae and Gabby are two friends who go everywhere...
A pretty young girl falls for an enigmatic, shy...
Joon-soo (Jang Geun -Seok) is a rebellious high...
Araf is the story of Zehra and Olgun whose live...
Jessica and her fiancé Evan just moved from the...
                                               NaN
A girl gets in a car accident and wanders throu...
                         Directed by  Özcan Deniz.
After being released from prison, a man known a...
A struggling painter is possessed by satanic fo...
Muhad, a Muslim boy from Afghanistan, attends c...
After her outlaw husband returns home shot with...
K, a radio producer who loves a woman named Cre...
For their first day on the job as the new prote...
During his work as chief reporter for DDC-TV, a...
Bouncing between Europe and the United States a...
The most painful goodbyes are the ones that are...
Love and unity in a school torn by racism and h...
Based on a miraculous true story that drew the ...
Meredith Hendricks happens to be the best cop i...
Copper Jack Stone purposefully orchestrates a b...
Two best friends set out to rescue their pal af...
An independent Australian horror/drama that exp...
Shots fired inside a club frequented by black B...
This film charts the relationship between a man...
An American family moves to Mexico to fabricate...
The story of Diego, a young and successful phot...
Set in the Aokigahara Forest, a real-life place...
Ethan, a magician rendered paralyzed in an acci...
                                               NaN
After returning back to family, Leyla tries to ...
Former K-pop idol-turned-radio DJ Shin Jin Ah m...
Four friends are involved in a robbery that res...
A police shrink tries to identify and capture a...
A young woman falls in love and marries, but wi...
An elderly and retired police detective and a y...
Young journalist Sebastian Zöllner is writing a...
In this lively French remake of Humpday, best b...
This thrilling, allegorical drama follows the i...
He suffers from a progeria like syndrome. Menta...
Chanel, Dorinda, and Aqua, are off to India to ...
Low-life thief Shiva and top-cop Vikram Rathore...
Nowhere to run...Nowhere to hide. After two tee...
The film asks the question would have been trip...
A vibrant, hopelessly romantic physiotherapist ...
'Wazir' is a tale of two unlikely friends, a wh...
A girl gets mixed up with a spy trying to clear...
APPROACHING THE ELEPHANT is a feature-length do...
Searching for the lost world of Atlantis, Prof....
At the prompting of his diplomat friend, Alex, ...
Whenever elementary school teacher Kang Joon-so...
Skylar finds out that her parents are monster h...
Nicole has no job and is several weeks behind w...
In 2710, a boy named Shinichi is on a school fi...
Jacob Kaplan lives an ordinary life in Uruguay....
                                               NaN
An honest, hard-working schoolteacher in a smal...
Love Me follows Western men and Ukrainian women...
Amon is a boy who can control the wind. Branik,...
Based on Gabriel García Márquez's novel, this i...
Poor but happy, young Nello and his grandfather...
In Kyokutei Bakin's classic Japanese epic novel...
A young boy called Pip stumbles upon a hunted c...
A spectacular journey of an unwilling young her...
Passionate romance, brutal treachery, and selfl...
Summer of 1870. Two writers, Eça de Queiroz and...
After being deserted by her parents, 11-year ol...
Imprisoned by a sorcerer who fears she will rob...
Pixadores are a group of young men from the São...
Set in a village right after the Korean War, po...
A mysterious creature destroys 70% of the moon....
Lieutenant Takala meets his fellow partisans of...
A lawyer pays a visit to Matti Ojanperä (Matti ...
A rogue soldier turned outlaw is thrust into a ...
Visiting in England, famed American surgeon Doc...
Marina Pinares, the wife of the president of a ...
The outbreak of World War I places Scots office...
It's medieval times. Kohlhaas merchants with ho...
A scientist and his nephew are hosts of Lana, q...
A powerful newspaper publisher (Dennis O'Keefe)...
In the early thirties, aspiring writer Christop...
Allied prisoners attempt to excape from an "esc...
A physician is forced to operate on a mystery f...
An English girl and an Indian elephant, born on...
Olivia Pascal stars as Vanessa who was raised i...
Marseille. Heaps of flowers and funeral wreaths...
The film tells the story of the Battle of Sutje...
A woman in an unhappy relationship takes refuge...
A psychiatrist uses a patient he is having an a...
A bird that wants to become a hero, a carrier p...
A young civil war veteran is forced on a desper...
A women creates an alter ego in hopes of overco...
Lava and Kusa were born to mother Sita at Sage ...
THE RING goes ‘found footage’ Peruvian in a ter...
"Africa United" tells the extraordinary story o...
A criminal comes to town in order to kill Billy...
In this concert film, 'Hannah Montana' star Mil...
The film opens with narration by Jim Douglas an...
Fifteen young sailors... six months of intense ...
An AWOL marine in possession of secret governme...
Dark, mysterious and sensual, Vampirella (Talis...
A treasure hunter finds a sunken Spanish galleo...
A "documentary" showcasing the Detroit professi...
Arnaldo, Anita and the twins, Martina and Feder...
At 33, Arman has decided to change his life. He...
Through previously undiscovered private letters...
When hotel event planner Rachel breaks up with ...
Dany Longo is blonde, beautiful, disturbed, pas...
He was known as Anatole Litvak during his Holly...
                                       French Film
During the First World War, before joining a sq...
In World War I France, a pilot falls in love wi...
Ousted from their homeland by the Bolshevik rev...
The third film of Frank Capra's 'Why We Fight" ...
A woman is unhappy in her marriage to a boring,...
It’s Christmas Day on a remote human colony and...
The Guvnors is a violent thriller set amongst t...
Casual football hooligan Mike Jacobs is going n...
A comedic thriller that re-imagines Mark Twain'...
What if Apollo 11 never actually made it? What ...
The Girl and Death tells us the impossible love...
Ellis, a fourteen-minute film directed by JR an...
In a small Swiss village, a school sports coach...
A suspenseful, genre-bending film with two conv...
A Latin palindrome is the title of Guy Debord's...
Imagine a kung fu flick in which the martial ar...
                                               NaN
                                No overview found.
An animated adaptation of the Charles Dickens b...
A pair of bumbling French cops team up to take ...
n a remote area of Siberia, the world’s largest...
Two British children travel to Italy in an atte...
Senor Quexana has read so many books on chivalr...
A young girl is sent to live with Amish relativ...
2014 marked the 40th Anniversary of KANSAS! The...
                                               NaN
Like many Native families, Lena Mahikan grew up...
A creative teenage girl is forced to undergo a ...
From the director of Bigger Stronger Faster com...
Le Mans the biggest motorsport event in the wor...
A high school teacher separated from his son pl...
A social climber (Phillips Holmes) charms a deb...
Marx Reloaded is a cultural documentary that ex...
A meditation on friendship and life in the disa...
                                               NaN
The role of the movie is about two friends, one...
Musician Cat Power narrates this documentary on...
Two female hitchhikers get mixed up with a gang...
Plastic Galaxy explores the ground breaking and...
For ten years, inventor David Kressen has lived...
            Documentary film about global warming.
When a deadly zombie virus infects a school in ...
A dog with a spying device under its skin is se...
A Roman Catholic teenage boy in Glace Bay, Cape...
Documentary - "Aliens on the Moon," 07/20/2014:...
A brave Army dog returns to the U.S., where he ...
After fighting for a seat on their morning comm...
Four rogues, who were best friends as kids, hav...
Terrified and bloody, Oscar Svendsen awakes cli...
'The Renion' is a new Danish comedy starring Tr...
One is a bum, one gets by selling self-help DVD...
Hee-Soo (Kim Sun-Young) is a popular songwriter...
After American scientist gets severely injured ...
Charlie Muffin, top British Intelligence operat...
Fine television chronicle of the events of May ...
After inadvertently ingesting some sugar laced ...
Krishna Das is on a journey to India to discove...
A chance encounter proves fateful for 2 robots ...
Madalena (Aliki Vouyoukiaki) is a tough sevente...
The relationship between Ed, a married astronom...
Female highs school students, including Mitsuko...
A psychedelic mushroom trip turns a successful ...
Imagine a world where video games reign supreme...
A couple en route from Las Vegas are forced to ...
Interweaving footage from the director’s three ...
We’ll Take Manhattan explores the explosive lov...
The man called Obam struggles with the increasi...
After initially sweeping through Asia, Korean p...
Robert and Beth Bordon are married but share li...
Lois Wilson (as Lulu) is the spinsterish member...
A famed trumpet player is suspected of murderin...
A film on the world's most bizarre charity:  ba...
India 1826. The cult of Thugee was sweeping the...
After a series of scientific experiments direct...
The film deals loosely with the adventures of t...
Follows the adventures of Carlos Alcántara on h...
A troubled young woman who, in a last-ditch eff...
From the land of early Peter Jackson comes anot...
A single mother (Cocco) becomes afflicted with ...
This documentary covers the history of the Amer...
Tells the tale of three buddies in their 20's w...
Documentary of the effects of migration of whit...
Evaporating Borders is a poetically photographe...
A movie about the power of thousands, the coura...
         A history of Polish rock and independence
Film o przyjaźni dwóch dziewcząt, które poznają...
Set in the rich Tekken universe, Tekken: Blood ...
A brilliant tort attorney gets rid of her borin...
Film ten ukazuje kilka dni z życia trojga młody...
Zwariowana komedia pełna absurdów. Chemik, Adi ...
A teenage boy, whose mother is terminally ill, ...
                                               NaN
Life and adventures of a few Polish immigrants ...
Antoni Krauze reminds one of the darkest histor...
                                               NaN
Dwudziestoparoletni Waldemar postanawia wyjecha...
The life of Ryszard Riedel, former leader of cu...
In the events of Last Order, taking five years ...
Naruto is thrilled when he is sent on a mission...
How was it possible that a single man influence...
Generał Nil is a Polish historical film, based ...
Jeremy Clarkson and James May travel to the Nor...
The Wareckis, an average married couple, stop a...
                                               NaN
At 40, Zosia (Ilona Ostrowska) has a happy seco...
                                               NaN
The film is an artistically spare depiction of ...
Unnaturally close, jet-setting twins become enm...
Simon Templar is on holiday in Naples when a sm...
1943. In the midst of World War II, a serial mu...
Jess Aarons and new girl Leslie Burke create a ...
After noted violinist Arthur Williams suffers a...
In an undefined future, the earth has been dest...
                                               NaN
An out-of-work professor gets a break from an o...
A cowboy and his sidekick try to help a homeste...
The movie opens with a scene of a bank robbery ...
After Coimbatore-based Ravichandra Verma passes...
A con man (Robert Armstrong) and his partner in...
Mickey, an orphan who has been brought up in a ...
A confidence man pretending to be a mentalist s...
A crooked real estate tycoon tricks a trusting ...
Two brothers intercept 911 calls in their Fathe...
Slip and Sach are working as cleaners in a high...
The story of the rise of boxer Joe Thomas, whic...
Ted Gregory is trying to be the first black pro...
Adolfo, a thirty something security guard, is g...
Carlos, a bank executive, begins his morning ro...
The Secret of the Magic Gourd follows the wondr...
Needing to fill the position of general manager...
A student at a woman's university takes a contr...
Burroughs: The Movie is the first and only docu...
Les Blank's first feature-length documentary ca...
Robert Drew shows various faces during John F. ...
David is a poor but ambitious Polish Jew who re...
A young boy is constantly mistreated by her mot...
Willy Ferriere is dead broke and his mistress c...
Alain Delon stars as Pierre, an amnesiac recove...
In this French crime drama, two safe-crackers a...
A group of people visit a weird old man who is ...
                                               NaN
A group of ex-resistance fighters are brought t...
Young, handsome, dashing but cynical, Octave Mo...
In Les Halles, in the heart of Paris, the resta...
                                               NaN
Two scriptwriters argue about the fate of Henri...
Fates of multiple otherwise disconnected charac...
The strange and slightly unsettling Monsieur Hi...
A bank robber reflects on his life of crime whi...
Director Julien Duvivier's 1943 anthology film ...
French version of the Selma Lagerlof story, mos...
Aged penniless actors are living in a old peopl...
The Golem, a giant creature created out of clay...
A young woman has three suitors on her father's...
Denise, an orphaned girl, moves to Paris where ...
Adapted from various stories by Jules Renard, P...
The Mironton Brothers are part of a fairground ...
Despite grumpy 59 year-old Ove being deposed as...
A young Indian brave attempts to bring peace to...
An African tribe devoted to the leopard cult is...
The action of the film takes place in two perio...
An impressionistic retelling of Dostoyevsky's "...
Jean discovers that Anne cannot get enough of b...
A man just released from a mental institution g...
Journalist and filmmaker Gotham Chopra spends a...
He invents puzzles. He’s committed body and sou...
Night brings out the hunger in people, especial...
A new mother and her child move into her mother...
Witch from the first Witchcraft movie stalks th...
In his hidden laboratory deep in Russia, Dr. Ka...
A young boy and his family embark on a series o...
The third thrilling saga of Deathstalker pits h...
It begins as a contest of strength the challeng...
Dinger and Bobby's adventure start when a pair ...
                                               NaN
     The third part of Seventh Company adventures.
An evil bandit kidnaps a sultan's son and raise...
After the collapse of their glamorous romance, ...
Director Spike Lee chronicles Michael Jackson's...
Wiener-Dog tells several stories featuring peop...
The stereoscopic 3D animated family film "Norm"...
As his wedding day approaches, Ben heads to Mia...
Maggie 's plan to have a baby on her own is der...
It is a movie following the coming-of-age for a...
                                               NaN
Portugal 1938. Pereira is the editor of the cul...
                                               NaN
Inspired by the Baader-Meinhof gang, a film abo...
Bruce Wayne is missing. Alfred covers for him w...
Fast, frenetic, and furious best describe the s...
Tan Pin Pin employs a strictly external perspec...
Singapore's top policewoman, Miss Cleopatra Won...
Russia 2017. The world could be on the verge of...
The Bible comes to life in History Channel's ep...
A detailed look at the events leading up to the...
                                       Documentary
Returning from the planet Venus, an errant NASA...
Applying his computerlike mind to the subject o...
A bold and unflinching documentary on 'white fl...
The story of one redhead's attempt to regain hi...
A woman's lifelong pursuit of lost family diamo...
                                               NaN
Werner Boote presents an up-close and personal ...
Gordon Scott plays Glaucus, the prince of Tiryn...
Fleeing Troy in the wake of its destruction, fa...
Two brothers part company only to be reunited w...
A bittersweet coming-of-age film based on a nov...
A series of murders in Michigan lead an America...
Near the end of the Civil War, imprisoned Confe...
Giuliano Gemma, elected sheriff by his small to...
A comédia conta a história de Hermanoteu, irmão...
Hans von Arnam travels to a Flemish village to ...
With archive film clips and interviews, this br...
Set in Kumba in South West Cameroon Sisters in ...
Quasi documentary about the creation of the Mir...
In this story of friendship and reproductive ri...
    A young student Saha is in love with... angel.
A young girl who lives in a remote wrecking yar...
Inspired by true events, Eddie the Eagle is a f...
When Iraq invades Kuwait in August, 1990, a cal...
A young artist tries to win the heart of his mu...
A young cowboy, Johnny, playing in a rigged pok...
Three men, Jerry (Hill), Reno (Wood) and Paco (...
Mexican's are being smuggled over the border to...
Johnny fights the banker Burton, who tries to a...
George Benton returns from school to his brothe...
                                               NaN
Russian soldiers accidentally unleash Dracula's...
                                               NaN
Two Argentine sisters, Memé and Aneta, lose the...
Things begin to fall apart for Samy (Ricardo Da...
A man's life is turned upside down after he is ...
A romantic comedy about a neurotic girl who mak...
Present day. Chile. Legendary bank robber Verga...
Diego, an Argentine doctor traumatized by the s...
                                               NaN
Documentary on the "Chicken Ranch," a legal Nev...
After witnessing a miracle, a young Latina woma...
Mi-ja, who has been taking care of a retired te...
Documentary - The feature length documentary fi...
Following a near-fatal accident, David Chamberl...
A socially thought-provoking and stirring love ...
A love story between two people that each have ...
Tony is admitted to a rehabilitation center aft...
In the tradition of "My Sweet Little Village" a...
Three homeless teenagers brave Chicago winters,...
A geneticist creates a website that pairs an in...
In the final days of World War II, occupying Ja...
A youth potion transforms an old crone into a r...
Parviz has as its increasingly horrifying anti-...
On the outskirts of a provincial town, Pajaro i...
A deliciously romantic coming together of Gulre...
After John’s absent father is struck by a stray...
Episodic saga from the first half of the 20th c...
"Stonewall" is a drama about a young man in New...
After he is artificially created, then left for...
When a young monk is forced to leave his impove...
Fatima, a Moroccan-born woman who now lives in ...
Akemi is a dragon tattooed leader of the Tachib...
Earth is attacked by alien spacecraft from Venu...
In IX century Europe, on the brink of Poland's ...
When a young man wants to marry a poor girl, he...
The story starts in a Siberia where world's big...
One-off drama about the friendship that grows b...
When a capable dancer is provoked by the evil d...
                                               NaN
Nae-kyung, the most skillful face reader in Jos...
The year is 1946. World War II is over, but it ...
Explosive developments - implicating both the f...
E.F. Bloodworth has returned to his home - a fo...
Based on true events, The Wannabe, a story abou...
A woman and her childhood friend seek out reven...
A story centered around a transitional point in...
An unlikely team of activists and innovators ha...
                  Documentary about crowd funding.
As a child Takuma is diagnosed with a heart con...
Two siblings discover a supernatural escape fro...
Werner Herzog's exploration of the Internet and...
A teacher's world is torn apart when his wife a...
"ADDICTED TO SEXTING", a compelling (and someti...
A group of teenage cadets sheltered from war at...
Just like thousands of Thai couples, during the...
Six days in the lives of an Israeli living in a...
When rebellious 16-year-old Grace takes off, he...
'Adurs' is an action, comedy and romantic flick...
Shot over the course of 18 months in New York C...
A lone, struggling addict takes on a dangerous ...
The English town of Kingsbridge works to surviv...
A young and ambitious civil servant Jussi finds...
The story is one of an architect that has lost ...
The Sheffield family reveal and go through some...
A widow retreats to a remote cottage to recover...
A nanny, working for a family whose son has jus...
A man involved in a horrific car crash is prono...
This horror film revolves around a sinister vam...
When a couple of American young adults fly to I...
While the young captains lead the revolution in...
An expose of the beliefs, history, and personal...
James Grashow is an artist who has built—among ...
There's a magical door in Woody's closet that a...
Born in a tribe of fierce warrior women, Hundra...
A mysterious love triangle leads to a tragic sh...
The film is a lyrical exploration of a particul...
Joe Swanberg and Adam Wingard’s AUTOEROTIC foll...
A biologist in an insemination clinic unexpecte...
A (rather shady?) private detective specializin...
               Directed by Pernille Rose Grønkjær.
When a child-stealing demon attaches itself to ...
A slick private eye (Duane Martin) set out to i...
In the late 1970's, the SETI project received a...
"Last Hippie Standing", 2002, is a video clip s...
In one of his rare performances without Bud Abb...
Rocky Braat went to India as a disillusioned Am...
Drama set in the 1950s, based on a true story, ...
ALONE YET NOT ALONE is based on an inspiring tr...
Follows the epic Biblical story of the Resurrec...
Obsession is a film about the threat of Radical...
Four high school girls at Hollywood High are lo...
An inside look at a West Hollywood cult formed ...
In a time of starvation, a survivalist lives of...
Professor James Anders is a seemingly mild-mann...
                                               NaN
At the height of the Great Depression, the show...
Follow Aisholpan, a 13-year-old girl, as she tr...
                                               NaN
When Carl Reiner and Mel Brooks stepped onstage...
Jacques Arnault, head of Sud Secours NGO, is pl...
1892, Saint Petersburg. Sasha, a young Russian ...
An alienated, Americanized teenager of East Ind...
A live-in aide adjusts to life with the family ...
A tilted figure, consisting largely of right an...
True story of Clarence Gideon's fight to be app...
1930's Pittsburgh, a brother comes home to clai...
The true story of Ruby Bridges, an African-Amer...
France asleep in the nineteenth century, govern...
In the world of stand-up comedy in South Africa...
Grieving over the loss of her son, a mother str...
A talented high school football player encounte...
Jason Kelly is one week away from marrying his ...
An aspiring dancer and her wicked sister's rese...
The life story of R&amp;B singer-songwriter and...
A portion of the tail of a prehistoric reptile ...
A TV reporter arrives in the quiet town of Step...
Avi Nesher's new film tracks the complex relati...
Orléans is a typical provincial Russian town on...
Through riveting and candid conversation, Noam ...
The story of a young couple, Pierre and Geraldi...
After the events of the first movie Yagami Ligh...
The story takes place in northern Italy in the ...
Little Fedor brings a cat to home despite his m...
Fred lives on his own. His wife is dead, his so...
The son of an atheist, authoritarian father, be...
Giulia is thirty years old and unmarried. She h...
The Coast Guard makes a daring rescue attempt o...
The story takes place in the year 2034, two yea...
Twenty-five years after the world wide web was ...
                                               NaN
Black Box BRD steps back into German history, s...
Inspired by actual events, a group of 12 year o...
Personal shopper Gwen's newest client, Charlie,...
Master monologist Matt Smith turns his 8th grad...
Documentary about a bullied man, who kept his s...
Kiia ( Laura Birn ) and Lauri ( Eero Aho ), spe...
Graduate student Harry Bailey was once one of t...
                                No overview found.
X: Past is Present is a 2015 Indian collaborati...
Mafalda is a comic strip written and drawn by A...
Documentary charting the life of blues guitaris...
The film "O Drakos" is about a mousy, timid, be...
Joy is an emotionally damaged young woman of ei...
A desperate housewife discovers her husband is ...
The story of a once-respectable woman who re-en...
A black, Union Army deserter and his crippled A...
On a mission of mercy, Jennifer Hart is in Germ...
An orphan who practices hypnosis faces off agai...
A long night's journey into day: Victor, a stre...
A homesteading family in the 1867 Wyoming faces...
During World War II, looking up the Mountain, i...
An interstellar Jekyll and Hyde, ALIEN ARRIVAL ...
An epic from the dark ages about the legendary ...
A mild-mannered banker is forced to masquerade ...
The eastern Ukrainian town of Snezhnoje, which ...
A young college student and a group of friends ...
Who said you have to win to be a champion? Slav...
The Best Movie 2 is a 2009 Russian comedy film ...
American boy Peter and blind minstrel Ivan are ...
While traveling, a crew of documentary makers m...
A Gypsy boy of the Onion clan and his Romanian ...
A group of college students run afoul of not on...
Freddie Steinmark, an underdog on the gridiron,...
The Spanish missionary reaches Kattinga Santiag...
When Ross is diagnosed with terminal brain canc...
Nat Turner, a former slave in America, leads a ...
Natasha is a reckless boarding school senior ta...
Based on a famous stage play and set in the yea...
After falling in love with an American woman, V...
In the 1970s, a young Australian boy, Timothy, ...
Vicente, seventeen, lives with brother Nino, te...
Documentary following the Finnish rock band Sie...
Following the Dogma rules does not make this fi...
Film noir parody with a private eye trying to s...
Heavily built young woman Kaisu comes to work i...
Two couples swap mates which leads to a murder ...
Rai Bahadur lives a wealthy lifestyle in Panjim...
Ria Jaiswal lives a very wealthy lifestyle alon...
Style is a 2001 Bollywood low-budget film mostl...
Three slackers living in India, whose names are...
Karan who is weak in his studies but good at mu...
Boy is loved by a girl, but he doesn't know. Bo...
Raj Singh Puri has a very wealthy friend in Lal...
DCP Raksekhar Azad (Raj) is an invincible cop w...
Shekhar, a businessman, accidentally kills his ...
Pooja and Chander Kapoor have a heart-to-heart ...
Two con artistes and car thieves, Vicky (Devgan...
Jhoomri and her husband, Bhimsha, move into a n...
In her film debut, Bette Midler portrays the Vi...
A woman struggles to survive in the Alaskan fro...
Anna, a young slave girl, is rescued and adopte...
A young man in Delhi tries to break free from h...
Four college students travel to Europe to escap...
With their mother dead, Emily and Ben torment t...
World War I, Italian north-eastern front after ...
                                               NaN
In the space of twenty-four hours the life of A...
Yellowstone is a park, but it's also the deadli...
Akash (Ranbir Kapoor) and Kiara (Priyanka Chopr...
Na Maloom Afraad is a story of three reckless p...
Live and Let Live is a feature documentary exam...
A small town girl is caught between dead-end jo...
Corporal Evan Albright (Charlie Weber) joined t...
Alfonso is an old farmer who has returned home ...
SOMM: Into the Bottle raises the curtain into t...
The story of Joseon's tyrant king Yeonsan who e...
Carla and Marco are manic-depressive poets whos...
Space Cop is the story of a cop from the future...
When small time exploitation filmmakers Craig (...
Being in the World is a celebration of human be...
After enjoying a holiday romance, high school s...
Twenty years ago, seven superstar artists left ...
Balu (Naga Chaitanya) is a brilliant student an...
Upon the death of his father, Arjun Prasad camp...
Afghanistan 2014  As the withdrawal of troops a...
A British Corporal in France finds himself resp...
                                               NaN
Prequel to the Henry James classic "Turn of the...
A married man (Michel Bouquet) who killed the w...
In the near future, a virus of epic proportions...
An exploration of the life and music of Miles D...
A story of lost love, young love, a legendary s...
A gang of criminals and corrupt cops plan the m...
A common thief joins a mythical god on a quest ...
The epic story of the first contact, encounter,...
Neerja is a portrayal on the life of the courag...
Based on the incredible true story of Jesse Owe...
Rachel Cartwright and Mitchell Little both grow...
Dr. Alvaro Cruz, a neuroscientist, disillusione...
After a car accident, Michelle awakens to find ...
In London for the Prime Minister's funeral, Mik...
Determined to prove herself, Officer Judy Hopps...
In 2002, cable news producer Kim Barker (Tina F...
A group of Mexican emigrants attempts to cross ...
Tells the story of Jesus Christ at age seven as...
Terrence J. stars as Charlie, a playboy who's c...
Wrongfully accused and on the run, a top MI6 as...
David’s life is on the slide: he’s broke, in th...
Once a Los Angeles homicide detective, Police C...
In hidden basements, bedrooms and bars across L...
Terror arrives at the one place we all feel saf...
Dad's Army was a 1971 feature film based on the...
Henry VIII has just married Marie of Normandy, ...
The Carry On team send up the Tarzan tradition ...
A gang of thieves plan to make their fortune by...
ZERO is an 0 sucking in a young deserter, a cas...
Hannibal is back with his hour-long stand-up sp...
This is the tale of industrial strife at WC Bog...
James White is a troubled twentysomething tryin...
A group of holidaymakers head for the Spanish r...
For the first time Karl Lagerfeld has agreed to...
The janitor at a local high school is actually ...
A comedy/drama set in a village and centered on...
Loki brings the trajectory of Arnaldo Baptista ...
An expressionist biography of Edith Stein, who ...
Set in 1952 Grey Rocks – a centuries old town t...
After Fanie takes Dinky, a strong Zulu woman, t...
The failed story of a love triangle in a post-a...
Interviews with scientists and authors, animate...
East meets West in the Deep South. An overcrowd...
The story of a young man, D, as he returns to h...
Filmed stageplay based on the ancient greek pla...
Carlos is the most prestigious tailor in Granad...
An English chef with a chic restaurant on Bondi...
Company commander Claus Michael Pedersen and hi...
This is an update of George Bernard Shaw's "Pyg...
                                               NaN
Filmmaker Joel Gilbert travels across America c...
"Bad" is a song by American song writer and rec...
A night at the movies turns into a nightmare wh...
The film tells the story of a scary Maestro wit...
Laurie and Hugh are a successful young couple w...
Lawrence Salva's script centers on a detective ...
Two of the most notorious unsolved cases in the...
Three teenagers' quest to qualify for the 2012 ...
Marie Heurtin is born both blind and deaf. Sist...
A wealthy and powerful man is betrayed by those...
When two souls find one another, nothing can te...
Nannaku Prematho (English: To Dad With Love) is...
Follows the journey of John and Colt, gunfighte...
It’s been three years since we last met Janne a...
                                               NaN
A naval officer is demoted for negligence and p...
A maker (Robert Young) of illusions for magicia...
Johnnie learns crime from petty thug Frank Wils...
Thirty miles from the Arctic Circle, in the nor...
Stanley Kubrick’s onetime right-hand man direct...
                 The legend of the Suram Fortress.
   What would you do if you could change the past?
"Golf" a aggressive boy because he grown up wit...
The storyline revolves around a group of school...
The film is Based on an incident from the Mahab...
When Casey, a dancer who is discovered on YouTu...
In the fictional town of Grace Arbor the answer...
An ambitious lawyer finds himself caught in a p...
Apocalyptic neo-western about two gangsters, a ...
In an imaginary dictature of a futuristic world...
Set in the 1790s, this historical drama follows...
Trashed - looks at the risks to the food chain ...
A powerful exploration of the evangelical campa...
Alex Grazioli follows bad-boy filmmaker Abel Fe...
Lorenzo Vigas’ mesmerizing feature debut examin...
The same morning that carnival begins, a serene...
Claudia, a single bored Milan travel agent in h...
Vincent Machot knows his life by heart. He shar...
When a feared judge of the French court, Xavier...
One evening, while her parents go out for dinne...
A drama about several lonely inhabitants of the...
A story of two famous actors who used to be a c...
Pierre and Manon are poor. They make documentar...
A successful film composer falls in love when h...
Set in 1899 Paris, a young police sergeant is c...
In the vast rooms of a beautiful Sicilian villa...
Forty-year-old Paul-André is a timid, rather in...
On holiday in the south of France, chic Parisia...
The Wedded Bliss computer dating agency aims to...
A brilliant young psychiatrist is forced to con...
After 23 years on Death Row a convicted murdere...
At the beginning of the 1990s, famous tomb expl...
When his aspirations of becoming a champion mon...
                       Trevor Noah Stand up comedy
Obsessed with perfection, young gymnast Andie B...
                                               NaN
                                               NaN
Abel is a boxer turned debt collector who is st...
                                               NaN
An old empty house. The guard who takes care of...
"Prosecuting Casey Anthony" reveals Florida pro...
The story about a man-sized frog named Prince F...
                                               NaN
Standing Army, directed by Enrico Parenti and T...
How many hot dogs could you eat in 10 minutes? ...
A fisherman and his family fight to take down a...
Great white sharks bio-engineered to be the siz...
A wealthy industrialist and business man named ...
The daughter of a rich criminal industrial tyco...
Arvind Chauhan  and Lakhsmi are in love with ea...
Tina Marie D'Silva lives a middle-class lifesty...
Ek Chotisi Love Story (English: One Small Love ...
The movie revolves around Munnabhai (Sanjay Dut...
Romantic Esha calls up FM Radio's DJ Bingo to f...
In a small North Indian village, Legend has it ...
Bollywoods take on Primal Fear (1996). Though i...
Sanjana and Aditya decide to give their marriag...
Diyva and Karan Saxena are in love and plan to ...
Ayesha (Sameera Reddy) is the elder daughter of...
Aditya (Vivek Oberoi), a young middle class boy...
Kill, threaten, kidnap, maim, murder, steal... ...
Dr Nookey is disgraced and sent to a remote isl...
Detective Ben Walls finds himself in a modern d...
The film contains five stories set on desolate ...
Returning from vacation, the Miller family find...
After vanishing from her family’s lake house, 1...
David Gelb (Jiro Dreams of Sushi) tackles anoth...
Set just after the end of WWII (but filmed in t...
A boy accidentally shoots a friend with a gun h...
Two friends get drunk and decide to switch iden...
A seedy London promoter turns a naive, working-...
A woman is found murdered in a house along the ...
                                               NaN
An airplane carring coffee beans from South Ame...
A vicious Ogre rules over a town that has been ...
After an African dinosaur ancestor of the croco...
A sleazy producer develops a concept he dubs "b...
An old lighthouse keeper who lives with his dau...
Ronah's life unravels when she starts working w...
This live event, filmed before a delighted, sel...
Squabbling Sharma family has a dubious reputati...
Two cosmonauts, two friends, try to do their be...
Devil at Your Heels, traces the trials of stunt...
A team of environmentalists, including a report...
In 1979, a delivery truck makes its way up a lo...
Vipers is a 2008 film directed by Bill Corcoran...
Mutant snakes survived a terrorist attack on a ...
An object is found that points to the secret of...
The only thing more terrifying than Snakes on a...
Tim Ochopee, a shell-shocked Seminole Indian ha...
Feeling lost and disconnected, with no family o...
A young woman on the frontier marries a meek fa...
Jeff Allen just got a new job in one of Manhatt...
                                               NaN
Eines Tages wird es den Tieren zu bunt: Ständig...
Reggie White stars as Reggie Knox, a pro footba...
Satchel Paige and Josh Gibson are the greatest ...
                                No overview found.
A true story of a priest (Andre Braugher) in Ne...
A boy writes a comic book with his best friend,...
A former kick-boxing world champion discovers a...
In 1983 before the giant Suvarnabhumi internati...
Based on the Far Eastern myth of the snake woma...
A preacher whose ancestors were Druids battles ...
                                               NaN
Jack Ford leads a special forces unit back to t...
An escaped werewolf - who’s determined to start...
A stock car driver goes undercover as the wheel...
Kelsey Grammer stars as Nick St. Nicholas, a Mi...
In this grisly remake of the 2002 horror hit, f...
The suffocating love between between a father a...
The decisive years of Swedish soccer player Zla...
                                               NaN
Show girl Jill Deverne is married to song write...
Afraid of marriage, Simone (Mary Ellis) breaks ...
Two lovers travel from town to town playing a d...
Erik, a lecturer in architecture, inherits his ...
The rise and fall of Love Records record label ...
A bear settles down for his long winter nap, an...
Death Driver follows washed up stuntman "Earl O...
Shopkeeper Victor Garnier has naively invested ...
Silsila is the "manager" of one traffic signal,...
Tammy becomes a nurse's aid to care for an old ...
A bayou girl (Debbie Watson) and her kin (Frank...
Painter Paul Sloan feels he's a failure, since ...
Programming the Nation? takes an encompassing l...
Fifty years after the fall of his country, can ...
Four orphaned and homeless siblings happen upon...
Goltzius and the Pelican Company tells the stor...
Rejected by her lover, the only man left in Che...
After ruthless gangsters wrongfully accuse him ...
To save the universe, and their friendship, Mor...
The Daughter of the Moon battles the Daughter o...
A darkly brilliant stop-motion adaptation of Th...
                                               NaN
A once-famous painter rediscovers inspiration w...
In Hong Kong's Paradise Cove Sharon (Chrissie C...
When a band of brutal gangsters led by a crooke...
Champak Chaturvedi runs a theatrical troupe in ...
Remake of The Life of Guskou Budori (1994).\n T...
Sae (Yui Aragaki) is a high school student who ...
As shy, awkward and, frankly, nerdy as she is, ...
Based on a true historic figure, Yamada Nagamas...
Esmeralda is a teenager with an unusual obsessi...
                                               NaN
A comedy that follows a naive taxi driver (Quer...
After moving into a new house with his friend, ...
With only 12 percent of its pupils obtaining th...
Eduardo accidentally discovers that he is adopt...
Four astronauts have to stay 1000 days in a spa...
A great Comedy which handles its delicate subje...
                                               NaN
A ravishing story about little Pete and his sur...
An entertaining combination of heavy-metal rock...
Ben's fiancée has her heart set on an expensive...
Penelope Spheeris presents an amazing chronicle...
Roberto Orazi turns the camera on the lives of ...
After several behavior problems, teenager John ...
It depicts the relationship between an elderly ...
When Tangie, a teddy bear goes into the Smile-e...
                      The Legend of the Candy Cane
Geppetto prepare for Christmas, Pinocchio joins...
Tokiko is a mother patiently waiting for her hu...
Documentary that sheds light on a secretive cab...
"Infliction" is the actual assembled footage ta...
After getting fired from his job, a slick, fast...
A girl on a cruise with her family, falls in lo...
                                               NaN
Four characters become involved in one dramatic...
As the youngest member in parliament and sole h...
From 1997 to 2006, serial killer Ronald Dominiq...
As the Palaces Burn is a feature-length documen...
A rebellious Goth girl embarks on a road trip a...
After a near-fatal accident, on a horse the exp...
A history of the ill-fated 1994 production of “...
A handsome and mysterious stranger, played by D...
Sawako Kuronuma, called Sadako by her classmate...
Two womanizing bachelors fall in love with twin...
The Cortez brothers rob a bank and flee beyond ...
The 1800s: scholarly Karl Schiller believes he'...
WHO KILLED CHEA VICHEA? is a highly charged mur...
During a prank an 11 year old boy gets informat...
A useless and bloody vendetta has been going on...
Being kidnapped shatters a brother and sister's...
                                               NaN
The building of a railroad under tough conditio...
A look at the notorious Colombian Medellin coca...
Ivan, a 14-year old boy, lives with his uncle J...
A mechanic takes his family to a car race and a...
                                               NaN
Old bachelor Benjamin (Lopez Rojas) still lives...
Fagin is the bad bird of an otherwise idyllic f...
10-year-old Elisa, whose parents are about to l...
Over more than thirty years, a department of th...
A Peruvian schoolteacher conspires with a journ...
Two cops are investigating a drug ring that may...
A portrayal of a hidden enclave of auto shops a...
A man wakes up alone in the middle of the deser...
Documentary about a lodging house, owned by Ros...
In this prequel to Transmorphers -- a sci-fi th...
When monsters suddenly appear from the bottom o...
A group of refugees from Earth land on an exoti...
A journalist named Lee Custler (William Katt) i...
YouTube is not just an amateur video site. The ...
An anonymous advice columnist finds herself cau...
JERUSALEM takes audiences on an inspiring and e...
Basson has five days to make it to his father's...
A diverse group of disabled people from across ...
A beautiful blonde hooks up with a rock star, a...
In August, 2014, a video of the public executio...
In this musical comedy, an arrogant war journal...
Wealthy American society matron, Stella Hadley ...
The film is based on the novel by Romualdas Gra...
After a programmer working on a top secret surv...
First Ascent is Sender Films' groundbreaking 6-...
Chutki (Antara Mali) lives in a small village c...
Sunny Deol battles terrorists from Kashmir; fro...
Avinash(Anil Kapoor) went to Calcutta for no re...
After the passing away of her parents, Simran M...
Tina Khanna (Eesha Deol), her friends Riya, and...
Tanya is a rich woman who is married to another...
CBI Officer Akram Sheikh (Sunil Shetty) is on t...
Two friends falling in love with the same girl ...
This film dramatizes events that occurred as th...
A woman finds her repeatedly raped by a superna...
Rajiv Mathur decides to go conditionally steady...
Karan, born in Calcutta, and Khushi, born in th...
An Army colonel (Devgan) and his commandos capt...
The story is about a young girl, Kaya (Udita Go...
An SP Amit Kumar who is given charge of Tezpur ...
The story springs from the real-world headlines...
Ever since I started making films it has bother...
Krzysztof Kieslowski asks Poles of various ages...
Gengobe Satsuma, an exiled samurai cast out as ...
Amid the chaos of refugees fleeing the Korean W...
Policemen from two precincts are joining forces...
                                               NaN
In a village of Spanish Levante, lives Justo, t...
In a senseless act of hatred, openly gay colleg...
A gorgeous lethal killer, brainwashed by the vi...
When twelve-year-old Ryan is forced to move to ...
                                No overview found.
                                               NaN
     5 years in the life of a rural French farmer.
A woman's dark and absurdist nightmare vision c...
Simran and Sudhir Saigal have been married for ...
Anant Shrivastav is assigned to escort a danger...
Fida tells the story of Jai who one day happen ...
Madhoshi is a 2004 Bollywood film. It is direct...
During the year 1990 Professor-Author Siddharth...
Tony works as a hit-man for gangster, Vikas Pat...
Garv is a story of three brave and honest cops:...
Good and sinful are two sides of a same coin. I...
Jhilmil and Virag move to their new house with ...
Major Ranvir Kaul (Amitabh Bachchan) is a POW w...
When the President of India is kidnapped by Kas...
A woman falls for a charming and mysterious bus...
Bardhaasht is a Bollywood drama and thriller fi...
Gangster and criminal Don, Suraj Rana, who is a...
Taarzan: The Wonder Car is a 2004 romantic thri...
To pay off their gambling debt, four best frien...
Young and good-looking Dr. Parineeta alias Pari...
Young widow, Dhristi, is a psychic with the abi...
This action movie is filled with romance and ad...
An early widescreen film that was told by cutti...
“Showing the entire height of this wonderful st...
An early film, which is pretty much summed up b...
A panoramic shot, making a full circle, at the ...
Shows all the prominent buildings on this thoro...
“A marvelously clear picture taken from the top...
Here we show Captain N. P. Nissen, formerly kno...
Film taken from a boat heading down the Hudson ...
Special effects film with a train double expose...
A camera moving forward on an overhead crane gi...
Musical short about Presidents of the United St...
In a European seaside village, a maiden takes c...
Early film from Elia Kazan (and several other d...
A self-proclaimed saga of oil, celebrating the ...
Valdomiro gets involved in yet another scheme, ...
                                               NaN
While on assignment covering a volcanic eruptio...
A young surfer rallies his friends to stop a bi...
                                               NaN
1989 is an important year in the political hist...
Julien Temple's 2006 documentary film about the...
     An adaptation of the opera 'The Eternity Man'
Director Julien Temple's film celebrates Canvey...
The Ecstasy of Wilko Johnson confronts our wors...
"Blekingegadebanden" is the true story of a gro...
Just by watching Lupe stuck at home in her robe...
Three guys from differents countries (Peru, Arg...
Ricky is a defiant young city kid who finds him...
A woman steals money from her mob boss husband ...
Just when you thought it was safe to go back in...
John Henry returns to his hometown in hopes of ...
Kaal is based around the story of a wildlife ex...
This is the story of Karan and Tanya. Karan is ...
When flatmates Karan and Rahul are unable to pa...
Kishen is a newspaper baron married to Kaajal, ...
Netaji Subhas Chandra Bose: The Forgotten Hero ...
Suicide-prone Sonia believes her boyfriend, Dr....
Aditya Singh, fondly called Adi Chachu by the c...
On a day of solar eclipse, five year old, Naina...
The husband of a woman who commits suicide afte...
Drama - Opposing ideologies are at the heart of...
Christmas Eve, London. While the snow-clad city...
Widowed Colonel Khurana, a resident of India, g...
In Celestial Subway Lines/Salvaging Noise its s...
John, a retired assassin is caught in a crossfi...
Indian Army Sepoy Tarun Chauhan is assigned to ...
French experimental film. Has no conventional a...
Karan (Sonu Sood) loves Sneha (Tanushree Dutta)...
A largely plotless, fado-scored journey through...
Two guys find a beautiful young woman to take t...
Times are hard for Northwestern lumber-mill ope...
                                No overview found.
A surreal drama about an alienated family set i...
Seasons of the year are used to frame human lif...
Oriental Elegy (1996). Visually impressionistic...
Police Inspector Sonia Mehra is married to her ...
A boy who forced to "see" a girl, whom he have ...
Siddhant Dheer lives a wealthy lifestyle with h...
Deshu, a mechanic from Dubai, comes home to Mum...
In common with other Zanzibar films, Patrick De...
Hovering between the realms of poetry and histo...
Renee returns home one Saturday after giving an...
Elaan (Hindi: एलान, translation: Manifesto) is ...
Vera Baxter (Claudine Gabay) is talking to a wo...
'Page 3' takes a behind-the-scenes look at the ...
Családi tüzfészek (aka Family Nest) is an intim...
Miklós Jancsó's Silence and Cry is set during a...
Rashmi lives a wealthy lifestyle in India along...
Deux fois is a 1968 experimental film by Jackie...
This bleak late soviet-era drama follows the ca...
From a misty night into the dark exposition roo...
…ere erera baleibu izik subua aruaren…, a set o...
It’s a black-and-white record of European citie...
Based on some historical events, the film gives...
Winter. A bus stop in a small village. People a...
This movie is about a day in life of the settle...
A story of a group of humanoid rabbits and thei...
Autumn 1944, Estonia. Tens of thousands of peop...
Subconscious Cruelty is divided into four segme...
In Kaliningrad two Lithuanian boys meet two Rus...
Francesco and Elena, Roberto and Flavia, Thomas...
Documentary about men who are fighting one of t...
Two actresses fall prey to the supernatural man...
After having her second child, a German housewi...
"Belovy (the Belovs)" is a breathtaking portrai...
A substantial part of life is claimed by boredo...
Amangol (Altinay Ghelich Taghani) is the eldest...
Detruisez-vous is a ‘primitive’ film which brea...
Director Patrice Leconte weaves an impressionis...
The film evokes a childhood in rural Lithuania ...
A first movie based on Astrid Lindgren's novel ...
                                               NaN
Françoise breaks up with Jacques after living w...
Based on a Russian folk tale. A proclamation we...
The sun blazes down from the sky with destructi...
Set in 1935, a couple of aged smallholders are ...
Two couples, old friends, end up in a heated de...
Ryo (UA) personifies water, since whenever some...
With little or no embellishment, filmmaker Marg...
The film is Sokurov's feature film debut and is...
A young doctor undergoes a spiritual crisis whe...
A drug-addicted doctor who works in an asylum d...
Possibly inspired by the existential play No Ex...
The story is an allegory of Adam and Eve, in a ...
An intimate portrait of a resilient and spirite...
An actor prepares, removing his shirt to iron i...
Addled prescription drug addict Daniel finds hi...
As he did with his critically-acclaimed "Blocka...
The main character is crazy about about depicti...
A 4-year-old child is the element from and arou...
A parable centering on an old man who lives a s...
Julia Barker, an over-worked, middle-aged Texas...
Looping, chugging and barreling by, the trains ...
Diego's job is counting people as they enter a ...
A Humble Life is certainly true to its title, a...
The film starts in the early evening of a norma...
      An afternoon in the biggest fair of Germany.
Jens Jorgen Thorsen's freewheeling adaptation o...
The siblings Linus, 19-years-old, who are takin...
The pages that whisper through this brooding, b...
                                               NaN
Stages is a film about loneliness, anxiety, str...
Flanders, a famous female author, travels 1989 ...
Moemi is not overly pleased when Yukio brings h...
Based on the poems “Aluda Ketelauri” and “The G...
Female mistress and male slave caught in a circ...
A kaleidoscopic film portrait of Shelly Brown, ...
Jakub's life arrived at a dead-end. He leaves h...
Spanning 18 years in an Iranian women's prison,...
A young woman raped by her mother's new boyfrie...
                                No overview found.
Thomas Hardy's classic epic remains one of the ...
(Vergeef me) - Forgive me is the film adaptatio...
A devoted young woman becomes ensnared in a web...
Maria is a student at the university of Essen, ...
Several pieces of Frank Zappa's music are set a...
A lonely Japanese girl reaches out to a former ...
In a Kyrgyz village, five older women adopt an ...
Merel is a young girl with a lot of talent. She...
In 2004 Wim Vandekeybus shot a 52-minute featur...
A ten year old girl is received by her aunt bec...
Main character of this movie is Rene Rupnik, a ...
                                               NaN
Chronopolis tells the story of a gargantuan cit...
A collage of dreams. Garrel made a name for him...
                                               NaN
                                               NaN
An impressionistic experimental drama. A woman ...
Emma, a young author, goes to see Erik, the pub...
This is a ballad about love, hate, and a search...
Jim is a shy, withdrawn loner, pervert, and vir...
A sensitive portrait of Sabine Bonnaire, the au...
Félix, operator of dodgem cars in a fairground,...
Three friends, Hilda, Matilda and Gaspar, meet ...
London has always been a source of influence, i...
1931: in Ireland, a film maker hears of an aged...
Francis Bacon revolutionised figurative paintin...
Set in a toy store specialized in antique toys,...
The seven short films making up GENIUS PARTY co...
A mysterious power failure in a small mountain ...
Guernsey is the story of a woman who suddenly l...
Gypo is the story of a working class family in ...
A withering craftsman caters to the requests of...
The wealthy president of a company has built up...
Harry Munter, a sensitive, kind, appealing man ...
Documentary about the last four seasons on the ...
A year on an Alpine farm: an older couple have ...
Set in the beginning of the 20th century Japan,...
Luxembourg's submission for the Academy Award f...
An ethnographic treasure that documents with vi...
Ayesha is a widow with a secret past, living wi...
Akira had to transfer schools upon graduation b...
Ten short unrelated stories that move chronolog...
One night, Matiss Zelcs, an employee of the Lat...
Ivan is released a day early from a treatment p...
A drama about a young man who is searching for ...
Renowned cyber-punk director ISHII Sogo strays ...
A man visits a friend's house. They watch a fil...
A convict is forced to hide within a model of a...
Deep in the lush river jungles of Argentina, Al...
Alan Lomax (1915-2002) was a song collector who...
Leon Mortier, a wealthy publisher, whilst drivi...
The assassin of a prominent trade unionist take...
Depicts the life of a family in a remote Japane...
Though she only knows his first name and that h...
A new house in a new town could mean the beginn...
An introverted young poet struggles with a writ...
Nadia is a 45 year old female professor at the ...
Story about the young Balthazar thrown from one...
Thirteen-year-old Kerry is repeatedly sexually ...
Opening with torch-wielding villagers and a wal...
In a near future where allergies have become an...
Heddy Honigmann returns to her birthplace of Li...
A biologist, obsessed with the idea of writing ...
A country boy tries to find his place in Buenos...
A rebellious teenager and a "border-line" young...
A dedicated artist from Russian Georgia struggl...
Bound to a suffocating existence, a young man e...
                                               NaN
An executive and a dowdy working-class woman, b...
Marie, who works as a successful door-to-door e...
Three young Russian friends amuse themselves in...
SIGNERS KOFFER is a kind of road movie across E...
After her son gets killed in a car crash, Elena...
Turk, a "cool swinger", throws and wild sex and...
Cute and perky college student Alice is invited...
A fairytale based on the play by Aleksandr Ostr...
                                               NaN
In Russian, "Svyato" means "happy". But it is a...
                                               NaN
Bold and exhilarating documentary account of th...
In the aftermath of war, two men and a woman be...
                                                 x
An innocent rubbish tip assistant, Gert, is giv...
A woman finds the key to a room in the attic th...
Tomiko falls in love with Niitaka, even though ...
Mees has a problem. By accident he took his bes...
Shark in the Head unfolds into a stunning cinem...
A married woman lets her lover take naked pictu...
Introverted and peculiar, Mara spends her days ...
The Ritchie Blackmore Story traces the long and...
Appa, a veteran theatre actor who has primarily...
Veteran filmmaker Koji Wakamatsu delivers a sur...
This story is set in the "in-between" time of a...
A merchant is living in a fairytale Russia of h...
Bert Haanstra paints a portrait of The Netherla...
Suave Fulvio (Marcello Mastroianni) woos women ...
After working in Hong Kong for a decade to supp...
In Fear, documentary filmmaker Michiel van Erp ...
Lola is an independent woman, a professional wr...
Vandale leading the Republican opposition to th...
Documentary covering three years in the life of...
A trespassing gang of boys encounter a ghost in...
Shy, thirteen year old Xenia doesn't feel comfo...
Yuko is a Japanese girl who was taken hostage i...
A seemingly happy Swedish housewife and mother ...
The wife of Nasim, an Afghan immigrant in Iran,...
In this British drama, Ellen (Sorcha Brooks) an...
A handmade stop-motion fairy tale for adults th...
Two silky-smooth producers line up a potential ...
After falling off her horse, a teenage girl is ...
This film captures the criminal behavior of two...
This odd film is a major representative of an e...
Story of two sisters that grew up in a small Se...
                                               NaN
Jeanne attends the birthday party of a friend o...
The Rosvola family – The Robbersons drive aroun...
           Movie about days of Nietzsche in Turin.
Ricky Rapper and Nelli Nuudelipää leave the isl...
Santiago returns home from the Peruvian army il...
Elvi ja Rauha-aunt gets an brilliant idea: they...
This film depicts the intense drama that takes ...
                                               NaN
Documentary about Dutch artist Ellen ten Damme ...
When two best friends Jill and Joy find a huge ...
Jill and Joy (both 9) live in their own house l...
After a fight the brass band in a small village...
                                               NaN
Celovečerné animované pásmo na motívy rovnomenn...
Čtyři zbrusu nové pohádky pro chytré děti a chy...
Two boys, Li Ahh and Li Ohm, grow up motherless...
The dentist Oscar has been married for five yea...
A documentary about the bustling Icelandic musi...
Brothers Danny and Zak, 15 and 13 &amp; 3/4 are...
                                No overview found.
A documentary about some of the thousands of in...
Agnéz Varda enjoyed making her scavenger film s...
This non-narrative film depicts the routines of...
Three French hipsters and their translator trav...
An Icelandic documentary about the people that ...
A bounty hunter searches the west for a wanted ...
Reclusive vampires lounge in a lonely American ...
The disfigured curator of a wax museum murders ...
This is a rehash of old movies, starring the sc...
A party of tourists -- including a state senato...
Based on the true story of four friends who dec...
During the seventies, the massive arrival of te...
Jorge, a luxury houses burglar in São Paulo, ni...
Born a fully grown black man in a village in th...
In Northeastern of Brazil, the father of the tw...
Truck driver travelling along the Transamazonic...
Young Alex Sammako has seen his brothers defy t...
An orphaned boy who dreams of being a ninja arr...
It is a story about the Soviet worker Pyotr and...
                                               NaN
A local news crew become horribly involved with...
A local reporter and her assembled TV crew go i...
When Special Agent Watts and his Investigation ...
Roommates Yoo-jin, Eun-soo, Bo-ram, and Da-youn...
Night after night, not long before dawn, two yo...
                                               NaN
Twelve severed feet in running shoes found on t...
From the makers of The Last Exorcism comes a bo...
A cream-of-the-crop gathering of 1930's radio s...
Gore, Quebec tells the story of two acquaintanc...
A documentary by two desperate young filmmakers...
Simran drowns her misery in booze. Her one frie...
Geeta and her parents move to a small town of H...
20 years after the death of an archaeologist, K...
After a mysterious blackout, a son goes out to ...
Based upon the life of actress Parveen Babi, th...
Four friends head off to Bombay and get involve...
Siddharth Bose lives a middle-classed lifestyle...
Lilaram sells lottery tickets and one customer ...
Sonia [Isha Koppikar] is the owner of a casino ...
Two corporate giants compete in order to reckle...
Three disabled friends - deaf Tom, blind Dick a...
Sangli-based Shiva Kumar re-locates to Mumbai t...
A doctor obsessed with new technology and scien...
Michael's health club is beseiged with a series...
In the middle ages a small Greenlandic boy come...
                                               NaN
Johanna, a young drug addict, falls into a deep...
A dramatic teenage love story set against the b...
A woman is led by her family to her new husband...
                                No overview found.
Soviet solidarity is strong in Germany where th...
Two parents put their child in his crib for the...
A woman living in a large country home drives h...
Inventor Carl Åkerblom is a rosy-cheeked 54 yea...
Years ago, Lepel's parents left an hot air ball...
                                               NaN
Author Frank's debut novel is successful, but h...
Based on the popular book by L. Frank Baum, the...
Carl-Gustaf Nykvist's documentary about his fat...
Documentary about 6 tramps who hop trains in Am...
                                               NaN
When her mother died, 10 year old girl Misa's w...
                   A quasi-musical by Serge Bozon.
A group of children, fleeing the war, is taken ...
Jan (Keve Hjelm) fights impotence (literal and ...
This poetic parable is part of Tenghiz Abuladze...
After Marta had decided to become a nun at a yo...
Emil's reputation for being a troublemaker make...
Each morning a group of people meet in the swim...
A young girl is sent to a South American hacien...
Paradise Girls is about three young women, Miki...
Op de uiterste westkaap van Normandië, Cap de l...
Dovzhenko and Solntseva's documentary about the...
Drama on the dawning love between a Polish woma...
Princess is the title of a photo novel which wi...
It's very human and nice story about lofty prin...
Christina is living in a suburb to Copenhagen. ...
A hardboiled story that takes place in a far fu...
Nigerian farmer Mocktar comes to Essakane, a du...
A bag of loot is stashed in a piano that belong...
In the kingdom of animals, Master Fox is used t...
Nowhere in the world are the grey herons so che...
Muriel, a writer nearing 50 whose older lover w...
Tale - this is what is everyone from childhood....
When the Snow Queen, a lonely and powerful fair...
A group of students cope with the disappearance...
Sonja is struggling to deal with her parent sep...
Peter returned from prison in his native city, ...
A traveling salesman is lured by a precocious t...
The lead singer of a band gets drafted for war ...
A young doctor is tired of being sought by wome...
A reclusive family therapist craving the solitu...
David is a nurse who works with terminally ill ...
A Man investigates the disappearance of two of ...
An ex-Marine on the lam from a murder charge. H...
Undercover agents investigate a murderer in Chi...
A British soldier escapes from 1880s Khartoum a...
Maledimiele tells the story of Sara, a teenage ...
Set in a mining town, it records the developmen...
The travels in Italy of director Andrei Tarkovs...
A Russian director films the road works in fron...
Works, legend and murders of Carlo Gesualdo, a ...
In Tussenland kruisen de paden van twee 'onthee...
An anthropologist investigates the origins of h...
In the pastoral expanse of rural Bengal, in Pur...
Summer of Goliath is a documentary/fiction hybr...
Writer Joris (the author's alter-ego) has packe...
Deals with the obsessive relationship between a...
Philippe Seigner starts his career in business ...
Four directors tell the story of a single man a...
Winner of a Golden Plaque award at the Chicago ...
Pat O'Neill, one of the most interesting filmma...
Set in the early years of the century. A story ...
The film TWELVE CHAIRS linked in a spectacular ...
Marceau Léonetti (Lino Ventura), a competent an...
In July of 1976, the Societé Générale of France...
One day, Nobita finds a stray dog drowning in a...
                                               NaN
The film tells about members of Finnish women's...
After a terrible accident deep inside an underw...
Brody, his girlfriend Kerry and their friend Le...
A runaway human slave from Earth's future escap...
When Bo was a child, a mysterious stranger sadi...
    A man disabled by Agent Orange dares to dream.
The friendship of two boys is tested to its lim...
An old bear goes out every day to a busy street...
Three Braves is the story of three extraordinar...
A teen faces a night of terror when three malev...
                                               NaN
Dubai-based criminal don Uday takes it upon him...
A man fights against a tyrannical institution f...
                                No overview found.
After five years of being married to wealthy ex...
Vishal Dixit leads an ordinary life with his wi...
Awarapan is the story of man called Shivam (Emr...
As a new principal of a college [of fairly bad ...
Ranjeet Thadani (Rajat Kapoor), a bored, arroga...
Delhi-based Rohan Sood lives a wealthy lifestyl...
Sameer Arya, Martand Damdere, Pankaj Tiwari, an...
A worldly French teen (Judith Godrèche) is dete...
Jaane Tu... Ya Jaane Na (translation: Whether y...
The film follows the journey of Raj Sharma (Ran...
Fashion begins in, where aspiring model Meghna ...
Kunal and Sameer, two straight guys who pretend...
Employed with 'We Care Rehabilitation Centre' f...
Banku, his mother, Anjali Sharma and father mov...
Ashfaque (Ajay Devgan) is a small town boy aspi...
The caption of the movie says, "How would you m...
Golmaal Returns, the much-awaited follow-up to ...
Jannat is the story of a man caught in a quagmi...
Living somewhere in present-day Quebec, Boris M...
For a whole  summer, 17-year-old Florencia has ...
A combination of spoken testimonies and images ...
In communist Romania in the 1980th the populati...
Jeetendra Kumar Makwana is employed full-time a...
A mother and son as grapple with the questions ...
                                No overview found.
(Extension: Easy Monthly Installment - Liya Hai...
Singer/Dancer Monty Oberoi meets and falls in l...
Every night we go home &amp; turn on the news,t...
It is the story of a man who had financial trou...
                                               NaN
We Were Once a Fairytale is a 2009 short film d...
After Margaret, a divorcée living in Dublin, lo...
A resident of a suburban dystopia tries to reas...
Spike Jonze's stop-motion animation short sees ...
A documentary about actor/director Dennis Hoppe...
 Portrait of the popular Dutch singer André Hazes.
An old Russian grandmother or "babushka", who t...
Many women are confronted with a young, slim an...
The film is a study of the differences and simi...
Two very different love stories cross each othe...
Bloody Cartoons is a documentary about how and ...
A lawyer, defending a Mafia boss, falls for a b...
This historic drama is set in an Ossetian villa...
                                No overview found.
Four people with different values and standards...
Five maids in São Paulo are observed in this ep...
18-year old Christian has just graduated from h...
Dunderklumpen lives all alone in the mountains ...
"If only these walls could speak and tell us th...
A.D. 2015: A virus has been spreading in many c...
Summer, 1943: wealthy youth in the Riccione dis...
A wealthy and successful career woman gets a se...
The Jews of Poland (invaded by Germany in 1939)...
'Female' is comprised of five short films adapt...
                                               NaN
Military service in Israel is compulsive for al...
Yoko Asagiri is in love, but is afraid to confe...
                                               NaN
                                No overview found.
Jean-Louis and Anne have had their fling and se...
This finely acted, delicate and provocative new...
Ils ont 25 ans et se marient aujourd'hui.Ils on...
Harsha, a multi-millionaire guy who has everyth...
A young policeman hunts down the men who caused...
Businessman (Telugu: బిజినెస్ మాన్) is a Telugu...
Pandu (Mahesh Babu) is a ruthless mafia man who...
The story revolves around a remote village in A...
Athadu is a Action Movie Directed by Trivikram ...
Ajay (Mahesh Babu), a wannabe Kabbadi champion ...
Circa 1800's a Jamindar (Prakash Raj) insults D...
During the alien invasion of 2022, one man flee...
Sanjay (Pawan Kalyan) falls in love with Indu (...
Raghunandan (Boman Irani) is a billionaire and ...
Gabbar Singh is a 2012 Telugu action film direc...
Ram and Lakshman a.k.a Lucky are brothers. Ram ...
As for the film, Cameraman Ganga Tho Rambabu is...
The story begins in Kolkata and here the mafia ...
Julayi is the story of a fun loving guy who doe...
Sudeep is a high profile industrialist who gets...
Sivaji is a young kid from Sri Lanka who's fami...
Athili Sathi Babu (Ravi Teja) is a smalltime th...
Simhadri (Telugu: సింహాద్రి) is a 2003 Telugu f...
What starts off as a typical day on the streets...
Dakota, a young werewolf, has finally learned t...
Four female friends embark on a weekend camping...
A chief physician at a large metropolitan hospi...
Following up on his directorial debut Clandesti...
After their award winning documentary, 'Suddenl...
The young Count Mino live in a big, old castle ...
A team of journalists investigate how human tra...
Adam is your average working-class guy living i...
99 is an original story inspired by real events...
In 1980s Bombay, a serial killer starts targeti...
8X10 Tasveer is a story about young man named J...
Documentary in which filmmaker Jamie Kastner go...
Wanting to start a fresh, Katrine moves from th...
Kingdom of Crooked Mirrors is a 1964 Soviet fai...
A drama based around a boxing school owner and ...
Scholiere Denise is ontevreden met haar leven e...
                                               NaN
                                               NaN
Malo has separated from his wife and a divorce ...
                                               NaN
During the second world war law student Hannie ...
"Though not given a New York showing until 1935...
                                               NaN
A "Reformed Colonel" is found dead in Paris, a ...
Based on a short story by Bengali writer Praful...
                                               NaN
All The Best is a rib-tickling comedy based on ...
Thiago slowly loses his childhood innocence thr...
A film unit goes for a shoot deep into a forest...
Pohádka o mladém ševcovském tovaryšovi Jírovi, ...
                                               NaN
A woman with a steady marriage and a little dau...
David, a student in Pisa who is about to pass h...
There is only one thing Winky wants: a horse, a...
After the death of her mother, a woman returns ...
The film is set in the India of the tumultuous ...
Seriously strapped for cash, three college room...
Steve McGowan has proposed to avenge the death ...
Wells Fargo hires bounty hunters to protect its...
A priest struggles to save the life of a young ...
The 1960s was an extraordinary time for the Uni...
A young woman's boyfriend disappears and she ha...
A cinema remake of the classic sitcom Dad's Arm...
A former bank robber is released after 10 years...
Adapted from the book Chirin's Bell by Takashi ...
Three teenage boys who were once close friends ...
Chulbul Pandey is a corrupt but golden-hearted ...
Struggling road construction contractor, Sachin...
Golmaal 3 highlights the story of hatred betwee...
Atithi Tum Kab Jaoge? is the story of Puneet an...
A killer bandit decides to become a politician ...
Kaalo is a Hindi horror film, directed by Wilso...
Documentary about humans dealing with changing ...
A corporate executive is taken prisoner by an u...
Narcotics agent Tom Wilde is given a second cha...
                                               NaN
Two seemingly separate stories in New South Wal...
                                               NaN
Christine and her husband Barry have bought an ...
Various residents and career-criminals face cha...
Arun who has seen his lover in other man's arms...
A reporter teams up with the sister of a murder...
Lovely Singh (Salman Khan) is the bodyguard of ...
The film is about three husbands having affairs...
A brilliant student starts hallucinating after ...
Shuttlecock Boys revolves around the lives, suc...
This story revolves around a famous poet who me...
Ghost is a horror flick with an element of roma...
A workaholic wakes up to find himself stuck in ...
Goubi, the simpleton of his village in the Fren...
Teenage musicians travel to England's Spike Isl...
Meet Chala, an eleven year-old boy with a hard ...
On the night of March 13th, 1997, strange light...
A couple embark on an early vacation. Left alon...
Seventeen-year-old Randy tries very hard to be ...
Michiel van Erp shows us what the Dutch do in t...
The setup here is a couple. They are both Japan...
The documentary film “Šarūnas Bartas: An Army o...
Der Struwwelpeter is a popular German children'...
A man keeps his girlfriend tied up in his small...
Adolphe 'Dolfo' Rashevski travels to Israel wit...
The level of disinterest in personal affairs ha...
While playing football, two children stumble ac...
In a charming mixture of fantasy and reality, t...
This autobiographical film evolves from the per...
Uitgesloten is set in 1983. Jonathan is 18 and,...
The two brothers Van der Laan, of strict religi...
The film centers around a group of young men wh...
Once upon a time there lived a Tsar named Yerem...
Demons cross the divide between the world of dr...
This marvelous film from Czech master animator ...
Film opens on December 18, 1999, just a few day...
A township near Cape Town. Two young teens, Mad...
A bored insurance salesman quits his job to go ...
It's been six months since Rachel Siprien disap...
                                               NaN
                                               NaN
                                No overview found.
We know Aung San Suu Kyi as "a golden bird in a...
An anti-war black comedy set during the Thirty ...
Dhep (Andy-Watchra Thungkaprasert) is a traveli...
Maria is a bright and attractive but not especi...
                                               NaN
When Bill Babbitt realizes his brother Manny ha...
The landlord of a boarding house in 1923 Tokyo,...
An escort girl gets the opportunity to inherit ...
Young Lena is trapped in a complex situation of...
                                               NaN
                                               NaN
This film tries to blow the whistle on what it ...
A professional hit man retires to his colorless...
Hammer &amp; Tickle: The Communist Joke Book is...
Hata Göteborg är historien om ett grabbgäng där...
Debord’s eighteen-minute Critique of Separation...
The humans and animals believe a werewolf is on...
Cathy’s birthday’s on 29th February, which is a...
This intimate portrait of director, producer, a...
An insider’s account from the perspectives of t...
Set in the city of Uttar Pradesh and based on t...
A woman in Pakistan sentenced to death for fall...
The story involves Stan and Ollie as two musici...
On March 25, 1911, a catastrophic fire broke ou...
A scientist from the failed Philadelphia Experi...
A young man takes in a dog that turns out to be...
A shy, stuttering professor brings satanist Ale...
The story of Abe Saperstein and the creation of...
Living in Kentucky prior to the Civil War, Aman...
A gang of black militants plots to rob a factor...
Plan 9 is the story of Nilbog, a small town wit...
In a small village in the hinterland, three sto...
   Life is beautiful, but I get married on Sunday!
                                               NaN
Alter Ego: a successful Greek rock group, with ...
This film is about an upside down world, where ...
A group of Greek solders, who serve their milit...
Μια παρέα νεοσύλλεκτων -που ο καθένας για τους ...
A black soldier comes home to Harlem after a to...
The rise, fall and rise of a teen death-rock idol.
The history of post-World War II popular dance ...
Commando of the Indian army, Karanvir Dogra (Vi...
A young man disowned by his family is aided by ...
The film is a social satire on the law system o...
Does what starts physical always turn into love...
Ek Thi Daayan movie is a supernatural musical e...
A man in tight jeans buffs his car to the strai...
Der Film portraitiert eine Gruppe von Microsoft...
In its first 25 years only 10 people have finis...
When L.A.P.D. Lieutenant Rick Callahan is chose...
Short documentary about the undersea world of c...
An 11 year old talented soccer player, Remco, h...
A young woman falls down a staircase, and sudde...
                                               NaN
                                               NaN
The poet Valentijn Boecke meets his former teac...
This charming animated adventure follows a youn...
                                               NaN
Young Ondra has asthma and so his parents throw...
Four good friends, all seventeen-year old, lose...
Mago is one of the largest Korean film producti...
Three siblings ingeniously avoid being sent off...
                                               NaN
Clad in a featureless red mask, The Man Without...
Young Dutch dropout, Berry, falls in love with ...
The plot focuses on the lives of the soon to be...
In this third installment of the "Olga" series,...
                                No overview found.
Classic short British comedy, full of stars, ab...
A wonderful fairytale about looking for love, d...
Pünktchen und Anton is the 1999 German film bas...
This documentary offers a rare glimpse of the l...
Somewhere in England, in the Autumn of 1955, a ...
                                               NaN
Poet Hermann Lons is turning 40. On his birthda...
                                               NaN
In a moment of madness a middle-aged, married a...
Ally Sheedy is a retired golfer turned motivati...
In the late Seventies, a Dutch teenager named F...
In 1978 Jimmy Graham, a thirty four year old ha...
Alex is very close to his elderly grandmother p...
At an elite private Border School four students...
Low budget gang movie in which Diane Conti play...
It's the roaring twenties in Berlin. The Tigres...
The young Norwegian girl Kim almost gets killed...
A slightly sinister but charming young man fall...
After the death of his wife and father, Kudret,...
A lively, outspoken single mother develops an u...
                                               NaN
                                               NaN
The hero, Prince Siegfried, is out riding one d...
The Pirates Of Tortuga :Under The Black Flag Se...
A group of office workers go every Friday after...
Back in Montréal after spending five years in G...
A Kazakh villager has to take care of his pregn...
Innocent, sexy Allyson leaves her boyfriend Pet...
In the aftermath of a tragedy a woman, Magda, r...
Singham Returns is an Indian action film direct...
Based on the story of a notorious real-life con...
Khalujaan (Naseeruddin Shah)and Babban (Arshad ...
In this slacker bro-mantic comedy, writing part...
Darr @ The Mall is a spine chilling tale of one...
On the eve of Nikhil and Karishma’s engagement,...
This is a story about a romantic journey of a c...
Rising from present India in the conflicting er...
Kilian is a young man who has never left the mo...
Amaia after breaking up with Rafa, falls in lov...
After his photojournalist brother gets killed b...
People attend their first halt in a newly opene...
Hunterrrrr: 1. Someone that is always looking t...
A storm chaser tries to save Boston from destru...
The hilarious story of a restless young farm-th...
Short-subject movie parodies with casts complet...
A boss of a toy corporation, Chenggong Li, trie...
At Sakurada Gate in 1860, the shogun’s chief mi...
Belgrade, Yugoslavia, 1979. While Yugoslav pres...
The gripping story of the Dutch Bettien Martens...
A young painter takes up French lessons with an...
This movie follows a gang of Morrocan/Dutch you...
The writer missed an opportunity for a clever e...
                                               NaN
Bob and Annie separate. After the court case An...
                                               NaN
Dorian Shanley, is a heart surgeon who abuses a...
Ichabod Crane, a Yankee wanderer, arrives in Sl...
19-year old Belle practices playing the violin ...
Little Bear and Father Bear go camping in the w...
The story of a small and conservative West-Flem...
After her boyfriend leaves her alone and pennil...
A film-within-the-film scenario involving a cam...
The story, a Communist re-telling of Gulliver's...
In 1218 Danish king Valdemar sends his homonymo...
The cockpit of a Boeing 747 is struck by lightn...
                                               NaN
Year 2016, Bangkok is a rotten capital infested...
                                               NaN
Ein Märchen der Gebrüder Grimm.  In this East G...
A typical American family - photographer father...
Christie Dawson always wanted to be the "cool" ...
Bennie, a clumsy criminal who's touchy about hi...
Sixteen year old Bibi comes to her aunt Toni's ...
During a suicide attack on an airport, the hand...
                                No overview found.
                                No overview found.
Thijs is a ripe-age Dutch tomato grower. His ad...
Having just been fired and dumped by his wife, ...
It's not easy to be Barry. An earthworm gets no...
In the Nevada mountains between Las Vegas and R...
                                               NaN
Two American secret agents - Frank and Wendy - ...
A family's life is thrown into comical chaos af...
A group of scientists try to stop a swarm of fl...
Family roles and responsibilities are questione...
It is about two Alices who transport themselves...
While visiting his Bible-thumping yet lecherous...
Gorgeous Dutch youngster Max has two passions, ...
A company, not wanting to pay for their chemica...
Since his mother wants to watch TV, Axel, a you...
                                               NaN
Renate is afraid that if she allows herself to ...
This cross-media documentary (film, installatio...
The familiar conflicts of a film director plann...
A group of Russian teenagers spend their summer...
In one of the realms, there was time for the pr...
Set in the quasi-Biblical splendor of the Mormo...
Liv is a franlky sexual being. She finds hersel...
Feature-documentary "pointing up a thousand fac...
16-year-old schoolgirl Molly contacts the autho...
Takahashi finds a creative way to avoid doing h...
In the mountain village comes a group of young ...
Tom is a young guy from Zagreb, completely with...
Blending modern techno music with traditional B...
The animated documentary feature-length Crulic ...
The protagonist finds out that some children we...
The Shamer's daughter, Dina, has unwillingly in...
An unnamed young woman (Patricia Healey) who is...
When a comet passes the Earth very closely, it ...
A boy accidentally kills a carrier pigeon in th...
Set in Copenhagen during World War II, the film...
Compilation of film clips from 1905-1915, found...
A mix of documentary and scripted footage on th...
Bruno loves his wife Maxine, but his love and b...
Matylda (Jaroslava Ticha), who lives in the Cze...
This film is a rich and haunting reinvention of...
Each citizen of Jotuomba plays an integral role...
While hitchhiking from Sofia to Ruse, Kamen mee...
15-year-old Max is in search of his father, the...
In the fields, we see them, extended on the gra...
An English historian travels to Morocco to work...
Slow Action, Ben Rivers’ first exhibition at Ma...
A meditation on freedom and technological appro...
What would be the shortest route between Entre ...
                                       No Overview
          Love story set during the world cup 2006
Meanwhile concerns Joe Fulton, a man who can do...
The portrait of a young girl from the Parisian ...
A band of runaways and orphans of the war scour...
A portrait of an unnamed city in Italy. Sideste...
Many films by this master of landscape cinema a...
A superstitious, illiterate young gypsy servant...
A dramatic story from the end of WW II and a re...
Two young boys, Victor and Rainer, take the com...
Created under a “manifesto” whose directives wo...
Using few words and gorgeous imagery, this is a...
After a long separation, a father and his son s...
A poor girl was given an impossible task by her...
Jimmy Tong (Leslie Cheung) is an expert blackma...
Easygoing Gianni looks forward to retirement - ...
                                               NaN
Danny Trejo, you know the man. He has fierce ta...
This biopic tells the true story of Korean boxe...
                                               NaN
The Embroidery Bandit is stealing treasures whi...
An eccentric Scotland Yard inspector (Ralph Ric...
The boys are working at the local boxing arena ...
While working in a laundromat, the boys find a ...
A trio of men with telekinetic powers led by Ad...
A family film about Nikki, a half-wolf, half-do...
After robbing a bank Murphy assumes the identit...
A group of friends go to Hawaii in order to pra...
A feature-length documentary showing the changi...
The Yu family earn the ire of the Green Dragon ...
A historical fiction based on the lives of arti...
Rival knights compete for the hand of a beautif...
Budapest International Chess Tournament. The mo...
Fu Sheng and his real-life brother star as frie...
Two dumb soda jerks dream of writing radio myst...
A rare film which depicts the tragic fate of a ...
Director Pedro came to Japan in April 2011, sta...
A photographer loses the images needed for a fi...
A young Hungarian woman (played by Hungarian ac...
In Penumbra, the second feature film by writer,...
Die Welt is an audacious hybrid between fiction...
Nine short, individually titled reels of colour...
Loredana is a schoolgirl who takes advantage of...
Rising, rather autobiographical novelist Giph h...
A young woman escapes from a mental hospital du...
Mamay draws on traditional Ukranian and Tatar f...
Mavka, a water nymph, loves Lukash, a country y...
A young woman is questioned by the police and t...
The Golden Key, a 1939 movie combining live act...
At the end of the war, Odysseus, the wandering ...
An experimental film by San Francisco Bay area ...
'The Sun and the Moon, a film fairy tale, is ab...
Young knight John travels the world in search o...
Co-founder of Canyon Cinema and the San Francis...
Spark of Being, a close adaptation of Mary Shel...
Pollet and Schlöndorff imagine the Mediterranea...
Ramin, an ex-wrestler who once won seven matche...
This film is about the Jewish girl Sara and the...
A boy, the son of famous musicians, is kicked o...
The ugly duckling of a fraught middle-class hou...
                                               NaN
The story is about Aditya and Siya Singh who co...
A man remembers holidays at his uncle in a litt...
The first fairy tale transformed into a full-le...
                                               NaN
Two years after receiving news of his father’s ...
A drama of two aging women who live a solitary ...
In All Stars 2 Old Stars, the unexpected weddin...
When backpackers come to a small village in rur...
                                               NaN
When Mira's April Fool's Day tricks materialize...
The second film by Sokurov featuring Boris Yelt...
This film consists of three parts. The first ou...
The film Twigson is all about a tough, naughty,...
A family’s old film found in a drawer. A big co...
A look at the passage of time through the chang...
In the subtropical province of Guizhou, Chen Sh...
A Slovenian mother takes her addicted and self-...
Master filmmaker Alexander Sokurov (Russian Ark...
In August 1991 a failed coup d'état attempt (kn...
German filmmaker Rainer Werner Fassbinder direc...
Szaffi is a full-length animated feature based ...
                               A film by Jem Cohen
From Wikipedia:  "On the Road is a Japanese doc...
The Mississippi River Flood of 1927 was the mos...
A tangled network woven with tiny particles of ...
A study of human anxieties about beauty, youth ...
Trains travel through the night without stoppin...
It was filmed in rural Russia, near the city of...
This is a hand-painted film which has been phot...
Found footage from a feature film. From an idyl...
The film is a day in the life that passes by, e...
A father says goodbye to his young daughter. In...
In 1957, Peter Kubelka was hired to make a shor...
This movie is a collection of portraits of resi...
Relentlessly reworking ‘real’ images, using tec...
Experimental shot film by Peter Tscherkassky ut...
Masculine and feminine, hard and soft, continue...
During a film course lead by Yvette Biro at the...
An attempt to transform a Roman Western into a ...
The story is about an impoverished elderly scho...
An elderly monk, while training the young novic...
With his business in shambles, a mounting crimi...
In 1985, a celebrated exorcist trapped a horrif...
With the aid of a fellow Auschwitz survivor and...
A flying fish hopes to lead his family from the...
                                               NaN
Directed and narrated by Maja Borg, Future My L...
Woo-gon, a passionate manager who lost everythi...
The Ciraulo family lives in the miserable distr...
The film tells the story of the Communist Labou...
The Leather Boys is a 1964 British drama film a...
A look at a conspiracy involving the United Sta...
Tony (NTR) is a wily youngster who does illegal...
Curtis Duffy, a teen who fought and stole for t...
In the near future, everything has changed. Bas...
A playboy business tycoon, Liu Xuan, purchases ...
Ten strangers, drawn away from their normal liv...
The last train travel of the year from Barcelon...
A suspenseful sci-fi journey tracking the turbu...
When a commercial airliner is trapped within a ...
In a typical college in a typical Indian city, ...
Carpathian Americans are just like any other ex...
                                               NaN
A helicopter charter turns deadly when the pilo...
The film follows warring political factions in ...
The life of the greatest karate master of a gen...
                                               NaN
                                               NaN
                                               NaN
A man referred to only as "Yankee" rides into a...
                                               NaN
Bruno is an idealistic hero who questions the m...
After the renewed flings with their former love...
Diana is a Roman wife happily married to sympat...
This film is a series of letters, photos and vi...
March 1945 Asolo, Italy. Livia Mazzion, the att...
In a changing world a young Italian enrols at O...
Here's an interesting Italian/German co-product...
Australian authorities arrest a man believed to...
Iva and Maria, a young lesbian pair, rent a fav...
After their regular babysitter Maggie can’t mak...
Brothers David and Matthias have contrasting pe...
                                               NaN
At Camp North Pines for Boys, the campers, led ...
Larry Fellowes of Fellowes Publishing wants Kat...
                                               NaN
Local councillor Sidney Fiddler persuades the M...
TV-documentary follows Finland's most popular h...
A Hole In The Head examines the development of ...
On September 1, 2004, a group of heavily armed ...
During the bloody war in Chechnya, a British co...
          A young girl is hunted by her nightmares
The story of two brothers who, even though they...
The world is closing in on Greta Driscoll. On t...
When aspiring model Jesse moves to Los Angeles,...
Janie’s just trying to get well. As she recover...
Young anti-colonial idealist Wulff leaves for D...
A naive California teen plans to remain above t...
11-year-old Nicolas lives with his mother in a ...
The daughter of a Scottish farmer comes of age ...
Enzo Ceccotti comes into contact with a radioac...
Diogo's 20th high school class reunion is comin...
After losing their son, grieving parents stumbl...
A young girl is sold into the red-light distric...
A young, aspiring filmmaker falls in love with ...
Four friends go into a haunted mansion on a whi...
Roja lives in a Tamil village, and her sister i...
Deva (Surya Sivakumar) arrives at the Chennai I...
Divya, a woman grieving over the death of her l...
Anjathey is truly one of the master pieces of T...
Jebin is a writer who is trying to get his work...
Yutham Sei will feature Cheran as a CB-CID offi...
Earam is a full of love and thrill.Aadhi is pla...
A bachelor and a movie stuntman, Tamilian Pamma...
Set in the holy city of Benares, this is the se...
Ewan McGregor and Charley Boorman return for an...
The film is set in the distant future in a city...
Igor, a Russian oligarch gets into a heated arg...
Abandoned in the barren wasteland of Kyoto, a s...
A pilot struggles to retain his humanity when h...
A Japanese man arrives in Korea to find his old...
Haewon, a college student, wants to end her sec...
In this film director Yoji Yamada bows down bef...
Hot Bot is the hilarious journey of two sexuall...
Young lovers Billy and Sarah journey from L.A. ...
Kalyan (Ravi Teja) is a kind of guy who prefers...
Siddu is the son of an over-protective business...
Arundhati (Anushka) belongs to Gadwal samsthana...
Bunny, a pizza delivery boy is blamed by Madhum...
Neelakanta (Prakash Raj)has two daughters. His ...
The movie revolves around eight youngsters, who...
                    Sequel for Aarya by Allu Arjun
Desamuduru (Telugu: దేశముదురు) is a 2007 Telugu...
The true story of the Long Island teen who shoo...
When the powerful wizard, Lord Tensley, is jilt...
Akira Saito, a Japanese businessman lives in To...
After her mother’s death, Stacey moves with her...
Based on a well-known Kabuki drama titled "Koch...
This is a non-narrative film comprised mostly o...
Porter's sequential continuity editing links se...
Adapted from Winsor McCay's films and comics of...
A one-armed street peddler notices that a well-...
                                               NaN
Four fragile young people flee London to start ...
Written in 1625 by the British playwright Ben J...
Enrico Giusti works for a big corporation: he t...
In 1970, a few days before Christmas, Elvis Pre...
Filmed over three years on China’s railways, Th...
A crime reporter (Erik Schumann) uncovers a lur...
Two undergrad film students Tim Bennett &amp; K...
It is the 1960s. Two Maori families, the Mahana...
A teacher, a gunman, an ex-Colonel and a beauti...
A small band of misfit American commandos are a...
Durango, a debt collector, arrives in the town ...
Racial tensions arise when a black lawyer runs ...
Innovative and enchanting adaptation of this we...
Dil Dhadakne Do is a story about a dysfunctiona...
A military officer in command of a drone operat...
This documentary charts the complexity and geni...
                                               NaN
François Donge, a rich industrialist and womani...
The seven stages in the life of the modern Fren...
A photojournalist gets more than she bargained ...
Summertime and the living is deadly! Abner Past...
Ava is recovering from demonic possession. With...
Join the Monster High ghouls on an all new aqua...
Reserved yoga instructor May's peaceful, clean-...
"An idyllic summer day turns into a living nigh...
Enter into a baroque vortex of madness when an ...
It's the fall of 1985. The intertwining tales o...
A damaged homicide detective (Johnny Messner) m...
Switch off and enjoy the beautiful scenery of S...
When a young woman takes a trip down Rogue Rive...
Mona, a prisoner on work release, meets Clément...
Unnatural &amp; Accidental is the feature lengt...
Trudie Styler, a documentarian, had been allowe...
A self-help seminar inspires a sixty-something ...
Two Spanish pan-handlers soon find themselves i...
Director Wang Bing casts an understanding and n...
Walter is told by his boss, Sara, to deliver an...
High School senior Mark Richards has never mind...
Siblings Roby and Raya after the death of their...
After a mysterious atmospheric event, a small g...
A tranquil forest and all of its residents must...
Lisa Templeton begins a new job as a cleaner at...
Roscoe and Buster give a bullying Strongman the...
Body Team 12 is tasked with collecting the dead...
A happy young couple become engaged, and soon a...
Silent comedy about a poor country bumpkin who ...
A painter facing a creative block arranges to s...
Slip and the gang (Bowery Boys) stray from news...
The unintentional shooting by police of a star ...
After a mine cave in, the rescue crew risks the...
Hu Te et al. escape the burning Shaolin temple ...
Chandran (Sri), a medical student, notices the ...
A night-club owner takes on the crooks who kill...
Compilation of footage from Frank Buck's three ...
                 Kenny Chesney summer tour concert
When Sach eats too much sugar, he goes into a t...
Carol Jeffries is a naive American woman stayin...
Lucio is constantly obsessed of losing his ex g...
An independent documentary film about the pheno...
Roar follows a family who are attacked by vario...
In their village of Puglia (Southern part of It...
A documentary focused on former Vogue Paris edi...
Shinnosuke is introduced to Shizu as a prospect...
A girl falls for the "perfect" guy, who happens...
A new superhero is coming, only this time it's ...
The Bumstead family is off to see relatives in ...
Three lovely waitresses contend with a drunken,...
Known for what must be the cheapest and cheesie...
Anthology of horror stories from Troma Entertai...
South Park's Trey Parker and Matt Stone, Night ...
Return to the Class of Nuke 'Em High follows a ...
Following the events of Volume 1,  the mutated ...
It's not easy being a teenager and Mike, a sixt...
Due to a near-fatal accident that has left her ...
Troubled psychotherapist Peter Bowers is suffer...
When Collin Bastrow is found in the forest, alo...
A groundbreaking film which deals with an inter...
In the Republic of Utopia, because of the bad e...
Maïna is the daughter of the Innu leader Mishte...
Experimental short, featuring strobe-like homoe...
Klaus Grahn is a young student frustrated with ...
Emma is a young and beautiful graduate student ...
A beautiful Italian woman is told by her black ...
A star athlete on the verge of turning pro must...
Direct to DVD movie: The German U-Boat, U-234, ...
5 people trapped in a bunker after a nuclear an...
This documentary on rock 'n' roll groupies, inc...
Sethupathi, an inspector, investigates the murd...
A vengeful drug-dealer/gangster targets and ter...
When a ruthless brothel madame murders Jonah He...
A fateful meeting with a mysterious stranger in...
A faith based movie. A young girl suffering fro...
                                               NaN
                                               NaN
Immediately after his death, the victim of a ca...
Pawn's Move  is a film directed by Caleb Vetter...
Eight year old Anthony is somewhat uneasy about...
Prologue depicts Spartan and Athenian warriors ...
In the last days of a dying logging town, Chris...
When her boyfriend is brutally murdered, after ...
Four veterans of the Afghani war ride the Ameri...
They live in the steppe. A father and a daughte...
When 17-year-old Ben visits his father Heinrich...
In his most recent work, Christian Frei turns t...
The fearless Colombian philosopher-politician-t...
In this non-story of the mentally and emotional...
A group of people try to flee from a dictatorsh...
Palermo or Wolfsburg (German: Palermo oder Wolf...
Frank Lehmann, 20, still lives with his parents...
The story of the New York accent, as told by Ne...
Pierre Hunter, a bartender with unyielding opti...
As a mother and daughter struggle to cope with ...
After months without pay, the already disgruntl...
Grand romantic gestures need not apply in this ...
For John Cuttin it all started with the first s...
It is the fantastic story of Leopoldo, a lonely...
Kokoyakyu: High School Baseball is a documentar...
Become an eyewitness to the Constitutional Conv...
Merle Oberon plays a Norwegian resistance figur...
Marine atomic tests cause changes in the ocean'...
The residents of a small town discover that som...
The story of Florence Foster Jenkins, a New Yor...
                                               NaN
A bank teller discovers an accounting error, be...
                                               NaN
After losing his son in WW2, a poor cobbler has...
The most important political, post-military jun...
An Algerian man's life-long dream finally comes...
When a man decides to marry the woman he's been...
Aliki is in love with someone who serves his du...
Betty has become engaged, for her father’s sake...
Lisa is a student, pretending the sick not to g...
Katsaros, Rena's rich father insists in marryin...
Poor Tasos and was so young! But also very jeal...
It is the summer of 1974. After the Turkish inv...
Three stories dealing with three men and their ...
Two goofy entertainers meet a mad scientist on ...
Jamie McGregor (Barry Evans) is a virginal sixt...
Success has James Brewster's name written all o...
Best friends Emily and Lesley go on a road trip...
At a French boarding school for troubled youth ...
Asuka, a woman in her thirties, works in a lake...
Alec Smart, who is engaged teaching in a prison...
An ex-soldier with PTSD is hired to protect the...
They do not like particularly, the third form o...
A wrong turn on a jazz singer's road trip resul...
When it comes to women, playboy Mike has all th...
A tangled drama of cruelty and manipulation, at...
In Yekaterinburg over the Christmas period, sho...
The era of the feared sea pirates Klaus Störteb...
A group of young martial artists infiltrate an ...
Bayonetta: Bloody Fate follows the story of the...
The First Nations girl Shana is a very gifted m...
Suspension from school, the loss of a friend, a...
The continuing adventures of the Portokalos fam...
Jazz legend Chet Baker finds love and redemptio...
Sarah and Bram’s roadtrip takes a horrifying tu...
A children's book author is told that her new m...
A young man (Cera) discovers a strange woman in...
1985. A secret tree house. Two children dressed...
A grumpy boxing coach takes on a young, rebelli...
LOVE’S ROUTINE is a dark comedy about a discord...
Saving Norman tells the story of a hypochondria...
Two Japanese salary men who's lives literally t...
A department store gift wrapper is a lonely spe...
A mysterious man with missing memories asks som...
Iremar is part of a rodeo troupe that tours the...
This stylishly photographed horror movie center...
Digby consumes a bowl of Project X, a liquid gr...
A housewife, bored with her bra-manufacturer hu...
When ten executives secretly meet to sell off t...
Paris, 1830: Octave, betrayed by his mistress, ...
He's a kamikaze gambler. A one-arm cuddler. And...
British comedian Jimmy Carr unleashes his deadp...
A young working-class girl causes a stir when s...
This documentary for PBS by award-winning filmm...
Korea, 1724. Once upon a time in the Choson Dyn...
Five top baristas find themselves pushing the l...
Singer and songwriter Hank Williams rises to fa...
A recent college graduate and his friends are f...
A family of four is quarantined in their home a...
A young woman finds out that her mother worked ...
Martin is a total loser, who nobody cares for. ...
Friends hatch a plot to retrieve a stolen cat b...
Taiwan in the year 2000, only thirteen years af...
The story of this political thriller takes plac...
The story follows a 16-year-old Icelandic boy, ...
Two mermaid sisters, who end up performing at a...
Summer, New York City. A college girl falls har...
Two teenage yoga enthusiasts team up with a leg...
Run Boy Run is the true story of Jurek, an eigh...
The most ambitious project ever conceived on th...
Brasilintime is a filmic map that connects the ...
A group of five or six or seven friends go skii...
Two corrupt cops in New Mexico set out to black...
Viktor Bout was a war profiteer, an entrepreneu...
Elektro Moskva is an essayistic documentary abo...
WAVEMAKERS is a feature-length documentary trac...
A look into the underground world of Bruce Haac...
Tony Benn (87), the longest serving Labour MP i...
              A profile of the musician Brian Eno.
In 1989, a collective of young artists gathered...
Documentary which tells the story of evolution ...
A look at America's struggles with war, class, ...
Award-winning musician Björk and legendary broa...
                                               NaN
                                               NaN
Three unique horror stories connected by a book...
From Jane Austen’s novella, the beautiful and c...
The South African businessman David Swansey is ...
Barlam (Omar Rodriguez-Lopez) struggles to find...
Henri, the Man from Nantes, comes back to his c...
A young unemployed man finds work at a nuclear ...
Three very different people in their twenties t...
Brooks Caldwell, (Cary Elwes) an erudite and ha...
She survived a brutal massacre, but lost her li...
In the aftermath of the most devastating confli...
A video store clerk stumbles onto an alien plot...
The Good Comrades are a collection of varied ge...
                                               NaN
Warren Nefron is a hopeless klutz who has some ...
Film biography of opera star Grace Moore, relea...
Frank Sr. sells his supplies to Hook, but then ...
After selling it to a cruel rodeo owner, a cowb...
A hardworking secretary for a rich woman finds ...
Barbara Stanwyck plays Joan Gordon, a torch sin...
The ten year marriage of of Caroline Van Dyke a...
Peter Casey has been with the New York City pol...
The prison guards working in penitentiaries whe...
A reporter risks lynching to prove that share c...
An eccentric, fluttery bachelor is dismayed to ...
A philandering cab driver decides to help his g...
Igor Tsaplin wants to be elected for a third te...
An American TV crew gets trapped in a centuries...
Willard, a mild mannered insurance adjuster, te...
The story of a group of friends, the "rebel boy...
Movie adaptation of Leonardo Oyola's novel, whi...
In 1960, Brion Gysin invented the Dream Machine...
Prospect is the unusual coming-of-age story of ...
Cairn is a dark film on adolescence in which th...
Christoffer and Maja's trip to Prague to bring ...
A Scandinavian immigrant, driven to madness by ...
A former witch loses her son while shopping. Kn...
2017: The greenhouse effect and global warming ...
An amphibious shark-like monster terrorizes an ...
Based on true events, 'Alex: The Life of a Chil...
Documentary filmmaker Yoav Shamir's depiction o...
Robin is sent by Batman to work with the Teen T...
What really happened during Shakespeare's 'Lost...
A major change in the constitution has revoluti...
An examination of the infamous thirty-year-old ...
A look at the November 1980 re-match between Su...
                                               NaN
More than sixty years after leaving high school...
A harried prehistoric bird mom Ethel entrusts h...
                                               NaN
Documentary of B-movie filmmaker Edgar G. Ulmer...
Richard Pryor: Live &amp; Smokin' is the first ...
From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia. Hopeless...
                                               NaN
Documentary about the making of the 1939 MGM cl...
As a family struggles to survive in rural isola...
“The Soul of the Bone” gradually reveals the ap...
The documentary covers the stories of the peopl...
A sickly man places a classified ad in which he...
                                               NaN
Csontvary Kostka Tivadar was a Hungarian painte...
A critique of materialism, the film is about a ...
Agathe runs an art gallery. Her husband Françoi...
The movie opens with a faulty nanotechnology ex...
Documentary portrait of Carl Boenish, the fathe...
Kaí is a mysterious shaman who emerges from the...
In revenge for her husband's infidelity, a youn...
This movie follows the story of three friends i...
While Louie is on vacation, the boys turn The S...
Jacob Bernstein's extremely entertaining film i...
In 1957 Gustaf Gründgens staged a new productio...
Focuses on the Weimar Republic (1918-1933) and ...
A sensitive writer from a small town faces spir...
Jennifer Hills is still tormented by the brutal...
Paramount's highly-fictionalized 1945 musical b...
A mystery writer becomes the prime suspect in a...
An island fugitive (Humphrey Bogart) and his br...
Animated-family adventure based on a true story...
A scientist is fired from his job and bored wit...
In a totalitarian society of the future, in whi...
The aggressive and dangerous Chin empire occupi...
Heroes of Sung stars one of the original kung-f...
Renowned writer Shen Chiang had become so popul...
Slip and Sach's boss, David J. Thurston, has al...
Nude men in rubber suits, close-ups of erection...
A searing account of war correspondent Michael ...
A woman who believes she has been chosen by God...
Det Andy Doyle (Bill Elliott) suspects that a s...
Cliff has just turned 18 and his little sister ...
Racists learn that the land a negro owns lies o...
A showgirl with a dubious reputation flees the ...
Sue Graham is a small town girl who wants to be...
Delia Jordan's father is murdered and some very...
A producer (Rudy Vallee) and his partner clash ...
Hard-boiled archeologist Mark Brandon is search...
When a barnstorming stunt pilot decides to join...
Flash Fulton (Bud Abbott) and Weejie McCoy (Lou...
Two bumbling plumbers are hired by a socialite ...
Molly (Martha O'Driscoll), her brother, Slats (...
Lou Costello plays a country bumpkin vacuum-cle...
The final feature in the "Dead End Kids" film s...
Plain, timid and obsessed with jellyfish, Tsuki...
Alex Gibney explores the phenomenon of Stuxnet,...
A comedy that follows a group of friends as the...
A two-bit actor faces challenges after he is as...
Ankur Goyal is a guileless 30-year-old waiter h...
Rick (Diesel) is frustrated by the repetitious ...
A single mom and her child are carjacked by a b...
There was a time, as recently as the 1980s, whe...
A boy growing up in Dublin during the 1980s esc...
"All-Stars" is a hilarious commentary on the st...
A coming of age story of a twenty one year old ...
The film chronicles Perceval's knighthood, matu...
Dr. Evan Cooper is the ideal match on paper and...
"A Millionaire's First Love" focuses on Kang Ja...
During a 48hr observation at a psych facility, ...
A short futuristic film featuring Augmented rea...
A group of Iranian classical musicians in the G...
Brazilian documentary that tells the story of T...
BAG MAN is the understated story of a 12 year o...
When he discovers that an Indian casino is abou...
The Bowery Boys (Bowery Boys) open a nightclub ...
Slip and the gang (Bowery Boys) take the rap fo...
Slip, Sach and the gang (Bowery Boys) think an ...
The boys get mixed up with a race horse &amp; c...
The Bowery Boys join the Navy to catch some cro...
Sach discovers that he is heir to a farm in rur...
After Slip is drafted into the Marines, the res...
The Bowery Boys are enrolled in a fancy college...
Slip and correspondence school pilot Sach, go t...
Those wacky Bowery Boys invent a superfast fuel...
The Bowery Boys take on British crooks when one...
After being punched in the nose, Sach finds out...
Sach is the exact double of a famous French sci...
The Bowery Boys find a lamp that has strange ma...
The boys buy a uranium mine out west, but when ...
Sach receives news that he is the heir to the T...
Slip and Sach (Bowery Boys) go to prison to hel...
Slip and the gang (Bowery Boys) foil foes of th...
An electric shock enables Sach to predict numbers.
In this musical gem, big-hearted Jubal Bristol ...
Frieda, a fashioncommercial photographer trying...
Images coming from the crimes committed by a de...
It is 2016 and a fearful world seems to be on t...
In 1924, Simone de Beauvoir, a girl with polish...
A multi-dimensional interface between a comic b...
Set in Mexico City sometime in the future and s...
A young deaf woman undergoes an experimental me...
A simple, domestic love story about a man who t...
The life of Jorg Geissner, a German banker, tot...
A nameless survivor is ambushed and infected wi...
Autorickshaw driver Amal is content with the sm...
WIND is an animated short about the daily life ...
Polish artist Jan Lenica (1928–2001) was an ani...
Enriqueta and Ramoneta run a business out of th...
Simon knows ducks quite well. They make noise, ...
The silent routine of 5 Nuns living in the West...
On her first day in Afghanistan, an interpreter...
A divorced father picks up his eight-year-old d...
A lonely typographer with a cruel speech impedi...
Traditional clay-mation and stop-motion animate...
A prince sets off on a journey to save his dyin...
After journalist, Kaavya Krishna exposes corpor...
The movie is a revenge thriller with Surveen Ch...
A child's daydream during a school lesson is ab...
There are small people wearing hats who cannot ...
A catalan manufacturer of intercoms travels to ...
A mysterious man holds a pastor hostage in his ...
A businessman lives out his daily routine until...
Hailed by one music reviewer as "the grooviest,...
In Search of Blind Joe Death: The Saga of John ...
Set in the present in Paterson, New Jersey, thi...
As two evil sisters prepare to conquer the land...
A sorority moves in next door to the home of Ma...
12 years ago during a scientific expedition 3 a...
                                Finnish Road Movie
Janey arrives at a silent retreat in the middle...
An aging actress' husband dies of a heart attac...
The residents of vacation spot Seal Island find...
A Texas oil driller schemes to steal millions o...
    A federal agent infiltrates a crime syndicate.
A young man in Alaska finds himself accused of ...
A drifter claims the money in an old bank accou...
A dying millionaire marries his nurse for compa...
A detective discovers the woman hess been hired...
A producer takes over a small film studio and -...
                                               NaN
A 12-year-old orphan who has just inherited a f...
A spy is brought back from cryogenic suspension...
The frothy experiences of a vain little flapper...
In the early 2000s, two brothers found tremendo...
A smooth-talking French thief (George Sanders) ...
A Good American tells the story of the best cod...
What would drive someone to drop everything and...
A young girl and her coach overcome adversity t...
A young married couple who are pregnant with th...
How to Plan an Orgy in a Small Town is about a ...
Wracked with guilt over the suicide of her sist...
A British couple on a break on a small Greek Is...
Several murders have taken place through out th...
A creature of ancient legend manifests, bound t...
Billy is a boy who is trying to save a baby kan...
The New Yorker is the benchmark for the single-...
A pair of cops investigating a drug invasion st...
A debauched nobleman offers himself to a beauti...
From Bedrooms to Billions is a 2014 documentary...
The movie is set in the backdrop of a town, whe...
Linda Darnell plays a beautiful Russian peasant...
Pandi and his friends, immigrant workers in And...
A young black woman in England becomes increasi...
DARK HORSE tells the larger than life true stor...
A schoolgirl with amnesia wakes to a deadly ult...
A deaf woman is stalked by a psychotic killer i...
Free Angela is a feature-length documentary abo...
An awkward teenage outcast finds unlikely compa...
An outrageous, affectionate look at coming of a...
“This film documents an event that has never ta...
A young woman who lives with her strict father ...
Prisoners battle each other -- and the police -...
As a penniless man worries about how he will ma...
As host of his own hit TV series, 'MAN VS', Dou...
Nathalie teaches philosophy at a high school in...
When a girl with a promising future finds herse...
An unhappy love story under the Cultural Revolu...
Through a series of auditions, a young actor in...
Tells the story of a group of Chilean children ...
Hans Richter, noted for his abstract shorts, ha...
Roger Deacon, a down-and-out record producer, i...
The definitive three-and-a-half hour documentar...
With his first ever DVD, Jimmy’s unique brand o...
Jimmy Carr returns with a brand new live stand-...
Recorded live at London's Bloomsbury theatre, t...
Britain's foremost multi award winning joke tec...
Jimmy Carr delivers more of his cynical take on...
Jimmy Carr is the hardest working comedian in B...
Having performed live to over 1.2m people, the ...
Following another stellar year for Jimmy Carr, ...
A fast-paced and thought-provoking film told th...
Kara is an emotional story about an Android tha...
When her mother dies, her attractive young daug...
When a terrified family flees a desolate southe...
                                               NaN
In this scene is shown a magician behind an ord...
A magician makes money by charging people to ca...
Betty is brought up by her uncle in the country...
Judge Clarence Thomas' nomination to the United...
Michelle kills three of her friends in a horrif...
An extraordinary, spell-binding journey through...
Ordinary humans led by King Bantayan are being ...
A man left at the alter goes on his honeymoon t...
While returning from a military expedition a he...
A reportedly dead man (Pat O'Brien) haunts his ...
A sequel to "Vabank" (1981), introduces the sam...
After the recent loss of her son Sean—a minor c...
Jackson Slate, famous treasure hunter, is out t...
7 year old Matías returns home from a friend’s ...
In his world Sharkman is a superhero. In our wo...
Music and politics collide when international m...
      People are trapped in a house with a killer.
One of the great kung-fu film characters is "Be...
A cowboy (Tim Holt) and his Mexican-Irish sidek...
A singing secret agent tracks down renegades at...
The Indians need the Buffalo to survive and the...
As Colonel Nutt is experimenting with explosive...
The city girls include : Royal American ( Kathy...
The Great Elmer and Company, two out-of-work ma...
At 17 LeighAnne Williams has a six month old ba...
In 2013, the world's media reported on a shocki...
A young woman slowly goes crazy after taking a ...
In 1978 in Hong Kong, a grisly murder takes pla...
Two high school filmmakers decide to create the...
In an extremely poor region in the Northeast of...
History of a famous Brazilian bandit of the ear...
Setting up the gracefully jarring dichotomies t...
Banned by Brazil’s Federal Department of Public...
This story is narrated by an ubiquitous folk si...
The film tells of the strained relationship bet...
Wes is awakened in the middle of the night by a...
Filmed over five years, this documentary charts...
Holly &amp; Nathan Teller live in a small town ...
An intern (Lew Ayres) handles emergencies and w...
Kildare (Lew Ayres) tries brain surgery, advise...
A young doctor gives up big-city success to hel...
Dr. Gillespie (Lionel Barrymore) supports Kilda...
A powerful true story about the journey of a tr...
Sarcastic comedy about the Czechoslovakia of th...
In the days following the surrender of Germany ...
Explores the tangled relationship between a tro...
Set in the late '20s. A thirtyish young man, wh...
A high school student whose father and sister w...
Michel and Guenther, working in dead-end jobs, ...
Legendary documentary filmmaker Frederick Wisem...
The Empire Builder is America’s busiest long-di...
As the unabashed cradle of Hollywood superficia...
Onimasa is the egocentric boss of a small yakuz...
Can a small group of people start a proletarian...
                                No overview found.
It is a story about the last love affair of Iva...
In this latter day Cain and Abel story, a jealo...
To fulfill a dying mother's bequest for her dau...
A lonely young woman lives with her strict fath...
Thieves decide to steal the money an old miser ...
                                       No Overview
Two business partners pursue the same woman. Sh...
Two young girls are sent away to live with thei...
Lionel Barrymore stars in this 1934 drama about...
A middle-aged houseguest causes romantic turmoi...
Dr. Eli Watt, a widower, comes to a small town,...
Daniel Pardway, starting with almost nothing af...
A Missouri farmer's (Lionel Barrymore) son (Eri...
Lopez is a bandit who has stolen the herd at Gi...
In this crime drama, a ruthless gangster's son ...
One entry in a series of films produced to make...
Chris Herren was a "can't miss" basketball supe...
Director John Frankenheimer's 1957 drama explor...
Caroline, a French architect in Vilnius, Lithua...
A look at Brittany Murphy's rise to Hollywood f...
                                               NaN
A 1974 film based on the best-selling autobiogr...
After nights of sleepwalking, a troubled teen s...
Through the unrelenting winter in the north of ...
Three thugs kidnap Emma, the daughter of a drug...
Ada Harris, a London charwoman in the 1950's, s...
Instructed by Warhol to write a vehicle for Edi...
In the grip of grief following the death of his...
Tamara and Sasha were separated during the war....
Can you imagine what it means to grow up as the...
Theory of Obscurity tells the story of the rene...
Klavdia Vavilova, a Red Army cavalry commissar,...
June 1998: After spending two years in a coma c...
Mirai Fukuin (lit. The Future's Gospel) is a si...
After learning the identity of the man who kill...
Henry Kesdi is a silenced classical composer an...
Colonel Furtado struggles to keep his lands, th...
Based on the life of a legendary capoeira fight...
Two cannibalistic brothers kill various young w...
                                               NaN
Following a worldwide event known as The Reset,...
In the near future, after an unspecified holoca...
The 8th film in the Blondie series  - Blondie G...
Sven is a twelve year old pocket-picker and wor...
The story of a fan whose world completely revol...
                                No overview found.
The funny clown Bratislav Metulskie is found de...
                                No overview found.
The time is the 1930's. Australia like the rest...
                                               NaN
Jérôme Varenne, a French financier, lives and w...
Following the suicide of his father, haunted by...
Growing up poor in Madras, India, Srinivasa Ram...
Minna, a drug addict who makes a living dealing...
The grass might not be as green as one might th...
In a world where women have become asexual and ...
In Cold War Moscow, a female spy steals secrets...
Your favorite Madagascar pals are back in an al...
RJ the raccoon produces a nature video, which t...
The story of a fastidiously organized businessm...
Two artistically inclined childhood friends, a ...
Part-time pianist Monty Fagan begins a May-Dece...
A freelance illustrator in New York suffers a q...
New mother Molly (Eléonore Hendricks) is overco...
An acclaimed hijacking documentary that eerily ...
More of a film essay - of the type pioneered by...
A radical hybrid of spy, sci-fi, Western, and e...
Baldwin’s “pseudo-pseudo-documentary” presents ...
                                No overview found.
                                No overview found.
                                No overview found.
14-year old Uwe lives in s suburban Hamburg hou...
A rebellious teenager navigates his way through...
Don Fabijan is a young priest who comes to serv...
A menacing shark-like predator attacks a Hawaii...
              Divers search for a sunken treasure.
Hoover Nielbold is a car-crazy teenager who, in...
                                No overview found.
Follows the rivalry between a small-town Southe...
The love affair between poet Percy Shelley and ...
A newly appointed police rookie deals with corr...
Once upon a time ... Angie, an aging star reluc...
Giulia De Martino is a pilot. At seventeen she ...
A pawnbroker is found murdered in a remote town...
                                               NaN
A young screenwriter allows others to exploit h...
A tribe of Norse warriors traipse across a barr...
The year is 2314 AD, two years have passed sinc...
Picking up from where the previous movie left o...
Financial TV host Lee Gates and his producer Pa...
A man hires hires five hookers to fulfill a fin...
March 1999: Mikiya Kokutou meets "Shiki Ryougi"...
Set 18 months after movie "Library Wars." After...
After the forced suicide of Nobunaga Oda at the...
The murder of a young girl leaves the inhabitan...
People are dying mysteriously and gruesomely, a...
Set during the unsettling disappearances in Bue...
Stan and Ollie are mousetrap salesmen hoping fo...
El Tenso does not know how to face his ill-temp...
A stuffy businessman finds himself trapped insi...
While digging into their town's infamous past, ...
Four friends (two couples) play a game of truth...
Get ready to celebrate this warm and wonderful ...
Thirty-year-old Javier (Diego Peretti) is a sur...
Javi, Hugo, Dani and Pedro are four friends in ...
                                               NaN
A sculptor hires young college girls to take ca...
The father of a wilderness family gets bitten b...
The tale of rock band KISS and their efforts to...
The Nohara family gets involved in a dispute be...
This American Masters episode showcases the won...
“Para darphanede basılır, imzası atılır, bankno...
An improv group deals with several crises, incl...
It’s been more than 10 years since our last app...
A student at a private school uses his connecti...
Travis and Gabby first meet as neighbors in a s...
A young Oxford academic and his attorney girlfr...
A ten-part documentary series focusing on the p...
Shortly after moving into a dark, brooding mans...
The three surviving daughters of a murdered moo...
Motorcycle racer Rommel seeks vengeance against...
A cop goes after a psycho who is killing cockta...
Kostis is a 40-year-old doctor that finds himse...
Môj pes Killer is a one-day drama portraying ei...
Hannibal Buress braves Scotland's epic Fringe f...
Dory is reunited with her friends Nemo and Marl...
A spoiled teens birthday bash turns killer afte...
Following the murders at the Rollerdome, Skye R...
As she leaves for art school in New York, Skye ...
A beautiful sexy DJ is forced to run when she s...
                                               NaN
The cold war, the space race, and NASA’s moon l...
A rare and unique assembly of some of the great...
A titan of industry is sent to prison after she...
Jun (Paul Lee) is an illegal immigrant from Nor...
During a dinner, a group of friends decide to s...
A colorful character's  monologues on pop cultu...
The Civil War in Russia has just finished. The ...
Michael Mason is an American pickpocket living ...
An unlikely romance brews between a tough-actin...
A policeman, who is fearless to death, can do a...
Ajay Mehra (from previous Ghayal-1990), after f...
A middle-aged loser travels back in time to his...
Five horror icons ditch an unprofitable autogra...
In 1863, Mississippi farmer Newt Knight serves ...
An island populated entirely by happy, flightle...
After a global neurological epidemic, those who...
High school student Aya Tsukimori becomes curse...
Faith’s world is turned upside down after she f...
There live a couple known as ‘100-year-old love...
Above and Below is a rough and rhythmic roller ...
A world class ice skater eager to take the top ...
Frank and the Wondercat is a creative personal ...
Lamerica is a cinematic documentary that takes ...
A rock musician, in need for a hit album, locks...
Journalist David Farrier stumbles upon a myster...
A young boy finds a magic lantern that contains...
A boy named Volka discovers an ancient vessel o...
In an age when genius is a mere commodity, it i...
Moritaka Mashiro (Takeru Satoh) doesn't want to...
Jonathan is a very lonely man. One day, he gets...
The concluding chapter of Don Hertzfeldt's anim...
Alexandra "Alex" Delgado, a pairs figure skater...
When the world is taken over by flesh eating zo...
The deserted island hotel hides a dark and sini...
Sick Boy stars Skye McCole Bartusiak as Lucy, a...
Perry is a happily married father of two living...
A group of scientists are experimenting with ti...
                                No overview found.
It’s 1994 and Lu Tu (Ethan Juan) is the younges...
Lifestyle blogger Marja ( Minka Kuustonen ) mus...
Antoine is a lawyer living in New York. On his ...
A love connection clicks for Lila when she move...
A man is out for justice after a group of corru...
Coproduced by the U.S.Holocaust Memorial Museum...
Although only a dental assistant, Charlie prete...
An unconventional dentist deals with patients i...
A businessman (Modine) watches as his life begi...
Director Paul Wendkos' 1960 film adaptation of ...
Comic Russell Brand uses drugs, sex and fame in...
After a botched heist, Eddie  a murderous crime...
Bank teller and widower with seven kids, Bob Ho...
The French-language version of the The Threepen...
A group of drag-racing fanatics, members of a L...
Kaitlin Olson (It's Always Sunny In Philadelphi...
One year after a tragic incident tore their fam...
An Australian "swagman" finds his wife with ano...
A team of Navy Seals are sent to destroy a disa...
The international criminal Vinaro enjoys sendin...
Winston Churchill's life in the years leading u...
Recorded at Brighton Dome as part of his twice ...
One of Britain's most exciting and popular stan...
Russell has been busy cementing his place as on...
An English teacher travels back in time to prev...
Samy moves from the underdeveloped crime-ridden...
A Green Beret returns home from the Vietnam war...
General Ahmed has started an inner-city People'...
Aaron Henry is a high school football player wh...
Motel Cactus consists of four episodes, all of ...
Wiseman enumerates the sights and sounds of Tal...
The film is set in a bar on New Year's Eve. We ...
The intertwined stories of an international Don...
The film's plot is set in the backdrop of 26/11...
Sathyadev, who is on a career break, is forced ...
Vinayak and his 4 team members rob a booty of 5...
Ganesh, a cab driver and a doting brother to hi...
An idealistic cop and an ambitious scientist-bu...
Elango and his astrologer friend Pulivetti Arum...
Three small-time criminals take up an offer to ...
Pandian, the son of a cop and a wannabe rowdy, ...
A paraplegic computer engineer that moves in a ...
A woman hesitantly rents an apartment to an eer...
An undercover cop finds himself in a Catch-22 s...
A straightforward man, who uses violence to set...
A mentally retarded man fights for custody of h...
BLIND shows the educational programs and daily ...
Engeyum Eppodhum revolves around a group of pas...
Anjali (Shamili) is a story of a mentally disab...
Vaali (is a 1999 Tamil thriller film written an...
One of the twins is a bus conductor and the oth...
Deena works as a ruffian for his brother Adikes...
Three prominent members of society, a judge, a ...
Vasu is a tough street crook who lives at a mov...
Sridhar has been trying to become a music direc...
The story goes around Suvalakshmi, who is one o...
Kamali (Devayani) lives with her sister and bro...
The School for the Deaf at the Alabama Institut...
This film shows the day to day activities of mu...
The Shortest Day (also known as Il giorno più c...
Charles Murdock neglects his fat and lazy wife ...
John Trimble has embezzled and obtains another ...
On their last night of Thanksgiving break, four...
After a series of pipe dream ventures go belly ...
SONG Soo-jung is a producer going on her third ...
It’s been 10 years since Mr. Park’s gas station...
Over a million women have modeling portfolios o...
Inspirational true story of Iranian dancer Afsh...
Charlie gets by through fleecing suckers with a...
The story is about two twin brothers, Azriel an...
An ex-con returns to his Florida hometown after...
Ex-kickboxing champion turned sports photograph...
In this Oscar Winning documentary short film, s...
Intersecting stories with different moms collid...
Interwoven stories of what it is to be a mom se...
Porter Wren is a Manhattan tabloid writer with ...
DIE WOLKE (The Cloud) is about a breakdown of a...
In 1979 Clive Sinclair, British inventor of the...
In 1979, a young soldier is working in China's ...
A group of hip retro teenage outsiders become i...
This was going to be the first year that Marsha...
A biopic of punk legend Darby Crash and his ban...
Officers Tsujimoto and Kobayakawa are transferr...
Mayuka is a girl who appears one day and claims...
Steve is a Government Agent looking for the gan...
CIA employee Edward Snowden leaks thousands of ...
Naomi Armitage and Ross Sylibus have changed th...
A crime story taking place in the famous Florid...
Lina and Gourry visited the town in a certain b...
A delinquent girl involves an innocent friend i...
The Sanzo party has always been haunted by the ...
The Armor of Mars -- a suit of armor consisting...
In 2100, the newly built Bayside City serves as...
Ashram, desperate to find a home for his people...
Outrageous enemies such as secret organizations...
In Team Ranma v.s. The Legendary Phoenix, poetr...
Two years have passed since the Great War. Akit...
Shurannosuke Sakaki is a masterless samurai wit...
Lina and Naga, on their way to a town called St...
Sorceresses Lina Inverse and Naga the Serpent a...
The first Slayers movie is a prequel to the TV ...
One day, Tenchi disappears in the forest near h...
Three adventurers - a warrior, a priest, and a ...
The demonic space criminal Kain has escaped fro...
In a Japanese city haunted by nature spirits an...
Zone of the Enders: 2167 Idolo is an hour long ...
Thirty-three years ago, an alien force known as...
It is the near future, and the city of Freeport...
Rally Vincent and Minnie May Hopkins are just a...
In the first volume of the .hack//Liminality se...
Despite his happy marriage to Kamiya Kaoru and ...
The year is 2016. The place is New Port City. T...
A radio journalist and his technician get in ov...
For one year, Master Swordsman Eiji Shinjo has ...
Years after the events that transpired in Kite,...
In the year 2041, mankind created their first s...
When Galan's princess girlfriend gives him the ...
After being inspired by the fictional anime, "L...
Following Studio Petit's popularity for Time Jo...
A young biker stumbles onto a prototype motorcy...
Ancient curses, enchanted artifacts and plain o...
Years after the events of Megazone 23 II, the o...
After her village is destroyed and all its resi...
Tairaku is a teacher at a local high school. He...
Less than a year after Geist activated the Deat...
From the creator of Project A-Ko! She's sexy, s...
Geist (the main character) is MD-02, a Most Dan...
A boy awakes, imprisoned in a hospital without ...
Sacrifice is the story of consultant surgeon, T...
In the late twentieth century, the Secret Secur...
In the midst of a violent invasion of Earth by ...
Oliver is a young priest of that Vasaria order,...
Jr., the heir of Romana and his battle sabers C...
Cheerleader dives into the mind of a teenager a...
Charlie is a troublesome 18-year-old who breaks...
When David is left by his fiancé just days befo...
Meant to be a retreat for elite American athlet...
Patton Oswalt delivers a fresh hour plus of sta...
Massimo Marinelli Lops and Giulia Colardo meet ...
                                               NaN
One night, a burglar in a Santa Claus costume i...
                                               NaN
                                               NaN
Ratchet and Clank tells the story of two unlike...
Don Knotts is Hollis Figg, the dumbest bookkeep...
An 18-part silent American adventure film seria...
A tribute to jazz diva Anita O'Day, completed j...
This in-depth examination of the life and caree...
The Beatles First US Visit uniquely chronicles ...
A rock musician looks for his girl-friend who l...
                                               NaN
An anthology feature film that puts a uniquely ...
In 1994, a South African photojournalist receiv...
There's an ancient myth that the light in Holla...
A group of French students are drawn into the p...
She was beautiful, smart, and searching. He was...
In 1830, the Karnstein heirs use the blood of a...
In this documentary, filmmakers Daniel B. Gold ...
A gambler is thrown out of a western town, but ...
Vicious gangster Vincent Canelli pulls off a da...
Renegades trying to get the army to abandon the...
Auguste Maroilleur, an elderly farmer, exploits...
Ange leaves New York to fly to his native Corsi...
                                               NaN
The story of a woman who is suddenly visited by...
A young Parisian advertising executive becomes ...
A married couple have dinner and discuss their ...
In this ticking clock action-thriller, a courie...
If Nick Barrow can stay alive for 21 days, he'l...
In this mind-bending 'Sci-Fi Noir' a daring phy...
Black revolutionaries take action in the white ...
Red Dot on the Ocean is a riveting film about a...
Filmmaker Kerri O'Kane's incisive documentary t...
Academy Award®-nominated director Scott Hicks (...
Adrift in the lush, nocturnal urban landscape o...
A look back on the weird and wasted career of t...
Made to celebrate the 250th anniversary of Moza...
                                               NaN
Follow the brilliant mind of 13 year old Chess ...
A documentary about the iconoclastic Los Angele...
Weaving together natural history and biography,...
                                               NaN
The Love Eterne (Liang Shan Bo and Zhu Ying Tai...
In almost fifteen years, Low became an institut...
The black and white film is intentionally dislo...
Newlywed Oliverio receives disturbing news that...
Fearless gunslinger, Lucky Luke, is ordered by ...
Tintin is sent to guard Professor Calculus, who...
Documentary about Miles Davis' legendary gig at...
Tintin and Captain Haddock try to discover what...
A young teacher goes to a school for adults. He...
A close-up of bass player and composer Charlie ...
A young woman with Asperger's tries to find her...
In a mountain hamlet in eastern China, a poor w...
                                               NaN
On May 8th, 1945, writer, director Norman Corwi...
The Old, Weird America tracks the history of th...
Director Zhang Junzhao's superbly tense revisio...
Kicking Off starts with the most important game...
Dead Shadows tells the terrifying story about a...
While desperately searching for his missing dau...
Prora, on the Baltic Sea. Mysterious, endless. ...
Part One, "The Last Christmas Dinner," is about...
A portrait of contemporary Chinese society base...
What would have happened if the Shiroyasha neve...
Ulrike Ottinger’s documentary Prater (Austria-G...
Tracking Down Maggie is a 1994 documentary film...
An intimate, hands on encounter with a maximum ...
A documentary about women's basic training in F...
An ancestral city; through its delicious botani...
The film narrates the love between Janaina and ...
At the close of 1973, Franco is still governing...
Set during a retreat of Christian Democrat poli...
“Fe” - the first feature film directed by Kanji...
Charlo and Carla are on their honeymoon. She is...
                                               NaN
The solitary existence of three sisters living ...
Vulgar Fractions ostensibly begins as a physica...
This film, made by the artist, Robert Smithson,...
The idyllic, rural past of a Suffolk village co...
To a song of love lost and rediscovered, a woma...
Ilona is a nine-year-old girl who lives in the ...
A well known actor comes to off-season Capri to...
A thin child of about 10, nicknamed "Crow" beca...
This is the true story of Anne Frank, a Jewish ...
A look at the pervasive power of dust from its ...
When the Taliban ruled Afghanistan, taking a ph...
It is the year 2052, on Earth, in Spain, and th...
A detective fiction mixed with an essay-documen...
Experimental film of a trip around Iceland, fil...
Two cops--both best friends and partners--both ...
Koji Morimato’s animated science fiction short ...
The government cover-up of the causes behind a ...
A female American Israeli lawyer is defending a...
Solomon, Prophet and the King, has asked God to...
An unflinching chronicle of Charles Manson, the...
A recently orphaned 15-year-old who has moved t...
Jack Harriman becomes a spiritual celebrity aft...
The Iron Guard, also known as Legion of Archang...
"Revansa" (Revenge) appeared not so long after ...
After WWII Comisarul Moldovan spent years as a ...
Officer Moldovan must solve the case of a robbe...
A continuation of a story started in the drama ...
Described (rather cheekily) by director Michael...
DJ Spooky's Rebirth of a Nation is a film proje...
Qiong Hua is a slave girl of Nan Batian, a big ...
Adapted from the earlier film of the same title...
The play concentrated on the exploits of the co...
Through photos made by the French photographer ...
A young Church elder struggles with his faith w...
                      Sevilla as seen from the Air
A boisterous detective goes undercover in a hig...
Leni Riefenstahl made her film debut in this "m...
Mavis Arden (Mae West) is a sensational movie s...
Set in a breath-taking primitive landscape in t...
Emigholz presents the buildings of the great Am...
              Documentary portrait of Andy Warhol.
A sartorially resplendent woman arrives in Berl...
Peter Whitehead’s disjointed Swinging London do...
Biographic film chronicling the last year of th...
Juliette Merteuil and Valmont is a sophisticate...
Ichiko (Ai Hashimoto) lived in a big city, but ...
In the futuristic city of Vanille, with properl...
   Footage of John Giorno sleeping for five hours.
Esther Robinson's portrait of her uncle Danny W...
"Charge" captures a pivotal moment in motor spo...
Un conservateur terrorisé par les plantes verte...
The friendship between two friends is put to th...
A creative journey into the unique mind of René...
Framed around Queen Victoria's decision on Engl...
A conservative writer who's sworn off dating is...
Two Britons are captured and enslaved by invadi...
Crime thriller based on a novel by James Hadley...
                      A spy story set in Vienna...
    A cop is looking for the killer of his friend.
Two physicians, one old and one young, fall in ...
                                               NaN
A propaganda film of the communist party of Fra...
French filmmaker Jacques Becker's Edouard et Ca...
While Henri Laurent speeds along on the racing ...
Rich oriental lord Cassim's cheeky servant Ali ...
A private eye investigates the apparent suicide...
An angry Seminole chief wages war after his tri...
After a bad breakup, Zoe Smallman decides to ta...
Hop on your flying carpet, because this musical...
A young girl struggles to survive the apocalyps...
"Gourmet Club" follows a doctor who belongs to ...
Four women were murdered, each was knifed and, ...
Elena, a young Brazilian woman, travels to New ...
Assigned to recover sensitive stolen data, a gr...
In a future not too far away, Steve Battier, an...
Documents the rise of the right-wing movement a...
Alan Clay, a struggling American businessman, t...
A student is visited in his university lodgings...
Chronicles the events immediately surrounding t...
Guzmán’s final instalment shifts from covering ...
During the never-ending TV taping for a New Yea...
It is essentially the same concept as an Englis...
Roy Andersson's short movies focus on working c...
In Mexican Revolution times, a guerrilla genera...
Mercedes (Marga Lopez) dances for money with th...
In México City, a Cuban dancer from "Cabaret Ch...
After decades of fascist rule in Chile, Patrici...
David Billa a refugee comes to Rameswaram in Ta...
The film's story is around a rich business entr...
The story, set in the backdrop of Nallore, a sm...
Saamy movie is all about Arusaamy (Vikram) who ...
Kaakha Kaakha is a 2003 Tamil crime thriller fi...
A genetic engineering student tries to bring ba...
In recent times, it has become stereotypical to...
Ambi, a meek lawyer, ends up being a vigilante ...
Pithamagan whirls around four characters. Chith...
During her freshman year in high school, Mika T...
Rei Iwatsuki (Ai Otsuka) moved from her hometow...
Second part of the film "Sorry if I love you". ...
In 1998, three white men in the small town of J...
Burzynski, the Movie is the story of a medical ...
An HBO special edited from three performances f...
Documentary about the final five, turbulent yea...
Fresh from his numerous appearances on late nig...
Daniel Tosh performs in front of a live San Fra...
Inspired by Dave Attell's popular Comedy Centra...
Koch Brothers Exposed is a hard-hitting investi...
Called "Comedy's Lovable Queen of Mean" (New Yo...
Tells the story of the American civil rights mo...
A unique story of redemption and an exploration...
The Third Jihad, the newest offering from the p...
In nineteenth century Yorkshire wealthy orphan ...
There have been mysterious instances in which m...
Byeong-hee (Park Hie-Sun) is having mental prob...
Based on a Japanese manga, "Kanna-San, Daiseiko...
Known for her distinctive storytelling and offb...
In postwar London a young graduate and his girl...
A feature length, theatrical documentary on the...
The life story of the famed rocket scientist Dr...
Two girls with the same name but very different...
Giff Hoyt , a cafe owner in Cabo Blanco, Peru a...
Super Crazy is the first feature length special...
                                               NaN
A look at the true origins of the AIDS virus an...
The youngest of 12 from the famous Hart Wrestli...
Two missionaries (Bud Spencer and Terence Hill)...
                                               NaN
Zombies come out at night and two families must...
A teen movie star attempts to overcome her addi...
An American Drifter discovers a New Zealand Sin...
After a beautiful but unsophisticated girl is s...
A brother and sister return to their family hom...
Buck Rogers and Buddy Wade are in the middle of...
"Legion of the Black" tells the visual story of...
Capt. William "Buck" Rogers is a jovial space c...
During home renovations, a young couple release...
The whole "zombie thing" has been hyped up so m...
Beautiful and wealthy young socialite Iris Carr...
This captivating documentary follows tough-as-n...
The narrative portrays a plain man who guides t...
Three aliens from the planet Taros land on Eart...
A story about bravery, self-sacrifice and human...
Nova Zembla tells the gripping true story of th...
Behind the facade of a beautiful urban home, a ...
Prem is an ajab kind of a guy. As life presiden...
Zoey is a talented dancer whose organized life ...
Years of working in the food industry have made...
Crazy Wisdom is the long-awaited feature docume...
Story of desolation as two friends travel from ...
A glowing brain-like creature arrives on a beac...
Returning from Afghanistan, Sean is befriended ...
Having set out from coastal Queens to the Catsk...
Elvis &amp; Madona is a romantic comedy that de...
Through a series of misunderstandings, Alvin, S...
A lonely, unhappy owner of a Beverly Hills boar...
An ex-soldier is recruited by the FBI to go und...
Leon Isaac Kennedy is Doug Russell, an American...
Hilda, the new housemaid, brings about an awake...
Romeo and Juliet story set amidst horseracing i...
In a chain reaction of romantic adventures, var...
Andres (Jean Pierre Agostini) it's a fan of Los...
A Texan arrives in Oregon and seeks justice for...
America! Built on a better pill. Karly Hert has...
Exploring the social impact of what the Source ...
The sister (Raquel Torres) of a sponge diver ki...
An insurance detective encounters numerous surp...
From Nobel Laureate William Golding's (Lord of ...
A treasury agent becomes obsessed with exposing...
In Kentucky just after the Civil War, the Hayde...
A look at the aftermath of the Sandy Hook massa...
When a 17-year old aspiring dancer is uprooted ...
An injured surfer stranded on a buoy needs to g...
A young nurse is kidnapped by a group of violen...
Although Parsha is the cricket team captain and...
Based on a play about a female dancer who finds...
Unwinding her relationship from a controlling c...
Into the Universe with Stephen Hawking is a sci...
In 1959, a young journalist ventures to Havana,...
Alias Nick Beal is a 1949 fantasy film retellin...
Mr. Giant has kidnapped the brilliant Dr. Van K...
A petty thief breaks into the home of a psychia...
Film producer, Reggie Wilson is worried he may ...
About to enter a marriage he wants no part of, ...
A story of three couples and their intertwining...
The rags to riches story of Sophie Tucker, an i...
Two 12 year olds, the products of Upper West Si...
The film tells the story of two boys who become...
A young working girl with a blue-collar backgro...
Street-smart exorcist Fatt has an unique method...
A grizzled detective works to solve the murder ...
A retired bodyguard who has settled into a corn...
A woman undergoes an illegal organ transplant o...
A Macedonian military deserter and his Italian ...
Belgrade, the summer of 1991. Yugoslavia is fal...
The basic plot revolves around drug dealer Lime...
Sedam I Po is a Serbian movie. Seven stories fr...
Spasoje and Cole are cute and silly boys who co...
The story evolves around the Arian sect. During...
Story is set in World War 2 period, and shows l...
The story takes place in Nis, towards the end o...
Angel and the devil fight for the soul of a Bel...
Till recently a University professor, a bohemia...
A documentary about bizarre residents of Shutka...
Novica is a mathematics champion in a Belgrade ...
At the traditional Muslim funeral service for h...
The Weight of Chains is a Canadian documentary ...
The son of a slain NYPD officer joins the force...
Trouble usually starts when the power falls int...
At the beginning of 1991, Yugoslav army did not...
When young and successful reporter Jamie finds ...
A young widow, an aging widower-returnee, and a...
Mirjana is returning to Croatia from Germany wh...
Eliciting images of cancer, this drama explores...
After being repeatedly denied her requests for ...
"Long Dark Night" follows the life of the ficti...
A group of village boys found a comradeship und...
Wistful croquis of the neigborhood in western Z...
Nikola is a man who knows how to really enjoy l...
Shot in only nine takes, this sharp and inventi...
In 1943, group of Croatian soldiers overtake a ...
A godforsaken mountain village is the only home...
It is 1918, the evening of The Great War. Austr...
A family from isolated village in Lika makes a ...
Men, women, and war. Jelena Panic is a young wo...
                                               NaN
Dominique Marceau is on trial for the murder of...
                                               NaN
The film follows the story of young teen April ...
By following ten simple rules,  20-somethings V...
As five underworld heavies settle in for an all...
Examines the link between oil interests and cur...
80 minutes to live or die. Alex got injected wi...
This film series explores many aspects of our s...
Cassie Ross is scarred by the suicide of her mo...
Eric is a secret agent currently working as sec...
A high school kid (Sumpter) develops an addicti...
When East Coast teen Mandy Meyers moves to Los ...
A charming but devious man conspires to bilk a ...
Inspired by true events, a friendship rivalry b...
Jason Priestley (TV's "Beverly Hills, 90210") a...
A mother and her daughter, Conner, embark on a ...
In 2084, a nuclear war wasted Earth, making the...
In a savage land where zombies roam freely - Li...
A remake of the 1973 action film of the same name.
An adrenaline junkie walks away from a whirlwin...
The first-ever registered encounter by the Mumb...
                          Thrice upon a love story
Aitraaz revolves around the character Raj Malho...
To get his hands on a valuable pod of whales, a...
A talking Terrier with impressive computer skil...
Seven strangers find themselves unwitting parti...
THE SEARCH FOR FREEDOM is the story of a cultur...
When Sam regains consciousness in the middle of...
There is nowhere to hide...nowhere to run...the...
The One Warrior is a fantasy/action piece that ...
Two millennia ago, a Lybian king has a basilisk...
In Sproet II wordt Sproet door haar vader, mene...
Four young officers of the Hong Kong Police are...
‘The Marathon’ is a feature film which contains...
Based on a novella from Stephen King, A famous ...
This show traces the important role that beer h...
Kony 2012 is a film created by Invisible Childr...
A documentary filmmaker goes on a 52-day journe...
FRESH is more than a movie, it’s a gateway to a...
In 1923, Rudolf Steiner, an Austrian scientist,...
Do you know how to turn ordinary water into a b...
A thought-provoking documentary on the current ...
A troubled 15-year-old boy attempting to cope w...
In 1928, Dr. Max Gerson, a German-Jewish resear...
                    Reversing Diabetes in 30 Days.
"The Perfect Human Diet" is an unprecedented gl...
Documentary about how much food goes to waste i...
How can we best meet every earth citizens need ...
The world is facing a “pandemic” of chronic dis...
The Connection is a film about how frontier res...
Extraordinary behind-the-scenes access reveals ...
Shot clandestinely over a two year period, this...
Owned &amp; Operated is a mosaic of the world t...
A woman is attacked by Internet users after pos...
Ostracized at her posh new uptown school and sh...
DANCE-OFF is a tongue-in-cheek family comedy se...
Bob Hope is a stressed out talk show host who i...
1930s Korea, in the period of Japanese occupati...
Jancso emphasizes highly evocative and ambiguou...
The movie portrays a peasant revolt in Hungary ...
Paralleling the dramatic student protests and r...
In the mid-1930s a group of Croatian anarchists...
MOSES AND AARON finds Jean-Marie Straub and Dan...
PATHS OF THE SOUL follows a group of Tibetan vi...
Blues Story presents an impressionistic history...
Christmas is approaching, and Paul's adopted si...
In the sequel to Tim Burton's "Alice in Wonderl...
Before an American company can build a smelting...
Big city girls Julia and her best friend Sydney...
Stranded at an airport at Christmastime, Ashley...
Young businesswoman Elyse Samford's life takes ...
With her wedding day rapidly approaching, an an...
The story of a young businesswoman who tries to...
A young caterer’s life suddenly changes course ...
The BFG is no ordinary bone-crunching giant. He...
THE STORE is a film about the main Neiman-Marcu...
NDP Leader Jack Layton was fluently bilingual, ...
An anarchist young woman breaks the tacit contr...
Following a long fascination with the religion ...
Louis Theroux travels to San Francisco where a ...
Louis investigates Ohio's state psychiatric hos...
Louis travels to one of the most innovative aut...
The programme follows Theroux as he travels to ...
Louis Theroux spends time with a small and very...
In the fourth installment of his Law and Disord...
Faced with the challenging behaviour of their k...
Louis has gained access to Coalinga Mental Hosp...
Louis visits on of America’s most crime-ridden ...
Louis goes to South Africa where American touri...
For two weeks, Theroux visits the San Quentin S...
Louis Theroux: Under the Knife is a TV document...
Louis heads to Las Vegas, to reveal the world b...
Sausage Party, the first R-rated CG animated mo...
Singh Is Bling is an upcoming Bollywood action ...
When a teenager receives a mysterious letter in...
Claire, an ambitious pastry chef, is busy runni...
Cass, a high-powered attorney and single mother...
The second-half of the movie picks up in the pr...
Avery, a blogger with a string of disappointing...
A woman changes her personality according to a ...
Fishing for direction in life, Elizabeth gets t...
Abby Knight (Brooke Shields), a former lawyer t...
A down-on-her-luck young woman who falls into a...
Leah thinks all is fine coasting along in a rel...
When a Western movie star is forced to spend a ...
With plans to leave their small town, teenage l...
When a radio host gets dumped by her boyfriend ...
A famous country singer set to marry a glamorou...
Romance novelist Liam Bradley (Dylan Bruce) has...
A series of mishaps threaten a recently divorce...
With Christmas approaching, a handsome fireman ...
An aspiring astronomy professor finds unexpecte...
Portland book editor Natalie Holland has chosen...
A big city journalist is sent back to her small...
A frustrated stay-at-home mom takes a weekend a...
A successful career Mom gets a case of empty ne...
One woman's unexpected race to the altar teache...
Single mother Ryan has just about given up on d...
Nikki Crandon (Shannon Elizabeth) is one of the...
Shop owner Alice Chapman is nervous to meet her...
When a reporter encounters the eldest son of a ...
When Tom loses his job at an advertising agency...
Firefighter lieutenant Dan Farrell (William Bal...
Although she loves Christmas, Santa’s elf Chris...
Jack (Andrew McCarthy) is an executive in a fin...
Bride-to-be Jessie Patterson calls off her thir...
A couple of single adults agree to pose as each...
High school music teacher Beth Landon puts hers...
Uptight French chef, Sara Westbrook, gets fired...
                                               NaN
This year, Santa’s daughter (Maria Thayer) take...
Eight hundred German filmmakers (cast and crew)...
Florencia, a rising actress, ends up falling in...
Set in a near future, technology-reliant societ...
Pollyanna Whittier goes to live with her wealth...
A young, lonely woman is consumed by her deepes...
The Magnificent Cuckold is about a hat tycoon w...
A father living in the forests of the Pacific N...
A lowly bank clerk, literally allergic to money...
Dick Proenneke's simple, yet profound account o...
Without warning a father comes to visit his dau...
It’s 1948 and the Cold War has arrived in Chile...
In a rest home for elderly people, a daughter r...
A look at poverty in post-war Athens. Kosmas, a...
A street smart runner develops an intense rival...
In a break from his heroic "Falcon" role, Tom C...
Insurance detective Steve Hastings is sent by h...
A five-year-old boy is the sole survivor of a d...
A small-town newspaper editor defies threats to...
After the death of her father and the loss of h...
T, as most of his friends, lives in a self-cons...
A profoundly personal voyage into the complexit...
During the reign of the eighth shogun of the To...
An investigation into accusations of teenagers ...
Far outside what's normally taught as "history"...
Documentary tracing the history of the Jewish p...
A gripping 18th century drama details the scand...
The myth of the Sun Goddess who founded Japanes...
In 'The Philadelphia Experiment', a secret gove...
After being diagnosed with Dementia, an elderly...
A young idealist takes a job at a local state r...
Gia is a carefree young percussionist who works...
A girl believing in God marries an atheist, who...
Louis Malle presents his entertaining snapshot ...
A filmmaker examines the rise of right-wing med...
Nicole Lauker unexpectedly loses her husband to...
Everything is not as it seems for a man who rec...
Harry Woltz is a homicide cop with a gambling p...
Kathryn is distraught at the news of her husban...
When the Vice President's plane goes down near ...
A couple visits Mexico to scout a new location ...
Emmanuelle, played in this film by actress de j...
When Grady, an assassin with a genetic disorder...
A stranger arrives in a little village and soon...
Mark Cahill is a good family man with a loving ...
The film features SP Abha Mathur who is appoint...
Akane is the youngest of three daughters for So...
The action is set in 1970 as the Soviet Union (...
A girl haunted by traumatic events takes us on ...
When computer programmer, Leo Fang, is passed u...
Annie (Bette White) wants to disperse her husba...
An aging widow from New York City follows her d...
Spies discover that the Red Chinese have built ...
A human-rights activist takes in an illegal imm...
Tang Wei plays Jiajia, a young woman in Beijing...
Continuing the story of Beijing Meets Seattle I...
Each year, hundreds of Central American migrant...
John Mikl Thor was a bodybuilding, steel bendin...
Lewis is a closeted gay man throwing a bachelor...
One year after outwitting the FBI and winning t...
In 1994, four women were accused, tried, and co...
The Apology explores the lives of former "comfo...
The journey of a professional wrestler who beco...
Colin Quinn returns to the stage in UNCONSTITUT...
In a witty solo show, Brent Morin serves up inf...
It is the real story of Giorgio Perlasca (Luca ...
Totally Bill Hicks is a video released in 1994,...
On the glorious battlefields of the American Re...
Thomas Kaiser inherits an ancestral mansion tha...
"Highly Strung" A story of passion...of obsessi...
When three friends open a hot pot restaurant in...
Kokubu Jiro is the captain of his university's ...
Niceland is about a young man Jet, living a joy...
Another State of Mind is a documentary film mad...
Over a period of five years, filmmaker Sarah Ge...
All soldiers belong to the same profession, no ...
Short film utilizing quick cuts and multiple an...
Dazzling and raucous, Ryan Trecartin's first fe...
In a Japanese colony, children overthrow their ...
   Animations inspired by the art of Jim Woodring.
Originally called White Thunder, American produ...
The mysterious Rodo fell to earth ages ago, ste...
A colorful and provocative survey of anarchism ...
In a world where moral corruption and prosperit...
When Dennis, an introvert bodybuilder, invites ...
An Inuit hunter drives his dog team out on the ...
The film is a text in which each shot is a sing...
     A dog leads its master to his kidnapped baby.
Five thought-provoking shorts imagine what Hong...
On a day known to the dinosaurs as "Treasure Da...
Inspired by the groundbreaking video game and c...
A London man who loses his memory when he's str...
Animated short based on a short story from Ray ...
Ali Wong might be seven-months pregnant, but th...
Orson Welles' unfinished masterpiece, restored ...
Documentary footage from various sources, set t...
The rules have changed In "Bytte Bytte Købmand"...
A couple of master thieves find themselves trap...
Comedy - Lane Speer is a 16 year old girl who s...
A story about a video of a group of people goin...
Growing up in a rural town filled with violent ...
A young girl pretends to be the deceased grandd...
In this classic 1969 documentary, the Man in Bl...
                                No overview found.
The miraculous discovery of a hand-colored prin...
Set in the small coastal town of Bright Leaf, N...
The film spans 30 years in Julieta’s life from ...
The story of a young man who arrives in Hollywo...
A middle aged carpenter, who requires state wel...
A dutiful grand-daughter goes home to take care...
War and Peace delineates in graphic detail even...
Five toilets - five stories! This pitch black c...
The Official Golden Harvest tribute to the Mast...
This is a film about Christopher Kirk, an Ameri...
A fearless woman fights social injustice; creat...
An unforgettable journey into the hidden tradit...
Dale Squire is a hip, quirky, independent singl...
Detective Squad Chief Choi is set for a promoti...
When a young village boy discovers that his bro...
In 2005, Mitch Mustain was the top high school ...
Kate and Will Spicer's brother, Tom, has Fragil...
A young Chinese man and his friends visit Jeju ...
Man’s best friend becomes his worst nightmare w...
Two best friends spent the last fifteen years t...
Just as Stella enters the exciting world of ado...
Eini grows up isolated from society with her fa...
Mia and Mirjam are two 14-year-olds who live in...
After a teenage girl reports a rape, her villag...
"Eternal Summer" is a road movie full of dreams...
Alena’s life is far from simple. When she arriv...
Graduation just happened, and now it's time for...
Viktor Johansson is back with a new semi-docume...
Kim, Bella and Momo are three fourteen-year-old...
Nadja, a single girl living the big city life f...
Bjarne runs a moving company with his wife Mali...
The sleepy little town Valleby is getting ready...
As if immersed in the situation, the viewer wit...
An adaptation of Hjalmar Söderberg's novel The ...
Based on Kristian Lundberg's novel about Anders...
Three tales of three people who have a lasting ...
Iceland's submission for the Academy Award for ...
Set on a remote farm on the west coast of Icela...
Set in the future when much of Central Europe h...
What would you say about a female teacher falli...
A young woman, and her last memories of the fiv...
A student takes a bizarre trip through the Ital...
Through the streets of Jerusalem two teenagers'...
Jarle is 24 when a phone call rouses him from h...
Eleven year old Maria has lost her little broth...
The mountain slopes of Iceland are shown to exc...
Den siste Fleksnes (English: The last Fleksnes)...
A drug addict becomes a mother and has to deal ...
Reidar is a resident at Solihøgda psychiatric i...
A pompous, aging alcoholic and a tourettes-infl...
The story of a working man, who's got a gorgeou...
Two young brothers are forced to track down the...
A young man's mythical quest for a stone that f...
At long last, one of the most important novels ...
Set in the blooming 1960s, the film centres aro...
Egon and the gang are hired to stage a robbery ...
A gentle comedy offering the promise of easy so...
First bite gives you focus, third bite gives yo...
Denmark, 1961. Bjørn, a middle-class boy in his...
Danish teens come of age in 1963. Bjorn and Eri...
After several years in prison, Anders is finall...
The Olsen gang in Jutland. Ones again Egon Olse...
Steffen is a good kid, a teenager who has recen...
Young vicar Mr. Paul arrives at the Faroe Islan...
Recalling the works of Jim Jarmusch and Wim Wen...
There was a double homicide on the forgotten Sw...
Lamb, based on the novel by Bonnie Nadzam, trac...
Tomás Kóblic, a former pilot and captain of the...
Three shorts directed by the same names that br...
Mars Canal - Within absolute silence, a naked m...
Private detective Sam Ruben's clever plan falls...
Living in the guilt of sacrificing his informan...
For one night only. On 25 May 2016 Film of KISS...
Alone on a tiny deserted island, Hank has given...
Agathe von Trapp, the eldest daughter of a well...
After a prosecution lawyer is framed and convic...
Secure your VIP pass to a once-in-a-lifetime ex...
A government agent discovers a plot by a cartel...
An attraction forms when a Chinese American gir...
The husband and wife acting team of Mae Feather...
Nearly 13, Alice rebels, telling the Paris poli...
Garadoux has beaten his wife. His lawyer Fremis...
Straight-laced Jordan (Martin) is about to marr...
Indian biographical sports film directed by Ton...
A TV adaptation of the classic Alexandre Dumas ...
The life of a bank manager is turned upside dow...
A takedown of capitalist corruption and greed t...
After being released from prison, Dr. Nise da S...
About an orphaned child whose dreams - and nigh...
Romeo Aldea, a physician living in a small moun...
A supernatural TV is mistakenly delivered to a ...
An associative collection of visual impressions...
Bahman Mohassess was a celebrated artist at the...
When a fracking mishap accidentally rips apart ...
This surreal art-movie/live-performance hybrid ...
                               A film by Jem Cohen
An alien spaceship is being sought by various f...
A lovable dog named Bandit starts stealing cash...
A crew of men who do the high-wire work of fixi...
A teenage con artist tricks a desperate mother ...
This peculiar spaghetti western from prolific d...
There's a frontier feud on the border of Mexico...
Macho Callaghan is a lieutenant in the Federal ...
When Ben Bellow is released from prison, Charli...
A man discovers an ancient Incan formula for ra...
Dr. Lo Bianco, debt load, flees abroad and the ...
A group of castaways wash ashore on a deserted ...
In a post-apocalyptic Texas, a band of warriors...
Muscle-bound Ator and his mute Asian sidekick t...
Several young men have to stop an ancient nativ...
A story revolving around a dysfunctional family...
A disenfranchised 16-year-old girl connects to ...
Tal for dig selv er Anders Matthesens tredje on...
A couple expecting their first child discover a...
Den seneste stand-up dvd fra Danmarks største k...
With the oppressive climate of 1970s South Afri...
Undercover cop Jo Alwood (Maria Ford) is out to...
A group of paranormal investigators enter the a...
Jack and Melissa are frightened by their son's ...
When a strange virus quickly spreads through a ...
Imagine if you'd had a six-foot tall monster to...
From the makers of Hack Job and I Spill Your Gu...
Pandane to tamago hime is the story of a tiny E...
Rusty Reindeer (Savage) stumbles into a support...
Privilege, love, loss, and survival are all def...
In medical school of an elite university, campu...
Lester is a clumsy and awkward TV repair man wh...
Big Earl, the owner of a Christmas tree lot in ...
In Ballyconnen, Emmy Baudine (Siobhan McKenna) ...
When a sixteen year-old boy and his two young s...
A fallen foot tall Homunculus called Marvin (a ...
RICHARD, 15 with learning difficulties, longs t...
Knock Knock is a horror film that combines fear...
Based on the real-life experiences of Mende Naz...
Shakespeare's classic tragedy of ambition, witc...
Cleo Moore stars as Mary Adams, whose first ste...
Ron, a young man in his late teens or early 20s...
                                               NaN
A Jewish doctor helps a political fugitive duri...
Spanish right-wingers equally devoted to Cathol...
Young Ênio is having to deal with a lot at home...
After inheriting a casino from his dead uncle, ...
A doomed magician makes a deal with dark forces...
After supervillain Shredder escapes custody, he...
A mysterious woman comes in to town and inhabit...
                                No overview found.
A family returns from a Grand Canyon vacation w...
Two families go camping illegally in a forest, ...
Nelson, played by Corey Haim is a teenager who ...
Ryoko Itakura returns as the government tax age...
A grand old Japanese hotel is trying to get a p...
The film stars two of Itami's regular actors, N...
Camille is a courtesan in Paris. She falls deep...
Having suffered a tragedy, Ben becomes a caregi...
LEE Kang-hee, an editorialist of the influentia...
A feature-length documentary to show why Britai...
Yet another variation on Mark Twain's "A Connec...
A parasite crawls into the uterus of an abused ...
The hero-worship that Simone has for a pop sing...
Yukio is your average high school student who s...
Jackie Chan : My Stunts shows some of the trick...
When a woman visits a Chinese doctor, she disco...
Paramedic Vincentas is a passionate gambler, wh...
A documentary about ten very different lives co...
Josh leaves his advertising career at its peak,...
Distraught by the suicide of her gay friend Mat...
Depressing and realistic family drama about the...
A tale of love and temptation in the age of Int...
When his new album fails to sell records, pop/r...
Based on the play by 'Joe Orton' this film foll...
When long-time British agent Harry Palmer loses...
In the 1950s, Tab Hunter is America’s Boy Next ...
Between 1978 and 1979, the inhabitants of the O...
Two newlyweds decide to build their dream home,...
Classic Shakespeare play adapted for television...
Beatle is a quirky loner who refuses to live by...
Poland, 1990. The first euphoric year of freedo...
Pulcinella, a foolish servant, is sent to prese...
Julien and Marguerite de Ravalet, son and daugh...
The great media prankster, Joey Skaggs, wants t...
A  long overdue documentary that tells the stor...
A portrait of Jaime Roldos, Ecuador's first dem...
The spirit of a murdered girl returns with a me...
Supper club restaurants were the hot dinning tr...
When Jack (Edward Furlong) is in danger of miss...
A look at the history and traditions of flamenc...
1901:- Poor but intelligent Emily Fox Seton acc...
After a successful bank robbery, Micky hopes to...
A musical film about the adventures of the wand...
A group of friends on holiday on an island expe...
A documentary miniseries described by its maker...
David Attenborough's legendary BBC crew explain...
We humans are part of an extraordinary family, ...
Dylan Moran star of Black Books, Shaun of the D...
A musical based on the life and music of Johnan...
Lyndon B. Johnson's amazing 11-month journey fr...
A disturbing portrait of contemporary youth cul...
A group of escaped convicts holds a household p...
The "Tri-State" gang goes on a successful bank ...
Combining his trademark wit and self-deprecatin...
The titular troublemakers are the New York–base...
A director and his crew attempt to make the tra...
Lorraine and Ed Warren travel to north London t...
The founding father (George Arliss) has an extr...
The story of a young Chechen and his Russian ca...
In the backdrop of Earths polluted future a fem...
While hunting a cultured, intelligent and vicio...
A man and woman, who've never met, are forced b...
What would it be like if your last name was Hit...
Proffesional photographers and UFO video hunter...
Determined to pass down his art, the Final Mast...
Documentary featuring a jaw-dropping, behind-th...
The famous story of the Shaolin Temple's betray...
Two princes are seperated by birth. One is rais...
Six college friends unite for a weekend getaway...
One fateful night in a small English regional t...
Jimmie Allen, a shady bookie, is in love with P...
A British man shocks his snooty, disapproving f...
Marion Davies stars in this 1927 silent comedy,...
A pacifist village is beset by bandits in this ...
A nobleman studying for the priesthood abandons...
Isabelle and Maxime are a pair of lighthearted ...
Picking up after the events of Never Back Down ...
Captain William Stanaforth is on a one-way solo...
Set at the beginning of the Civil War, Tap Root...
The life story of Brazilian football legend, Pele.
A series of stories about the lives and loves o...
Isabelle (Valerie Lemercier), HR of a large cru...
                                               NaN
After the death of her husband, Mrs Toda and he...
Tokiko leads a double-life as an office typist ...
Two sketches covering episodes from the World W...
Hungarian physicist Leo Szilard leaves Europe, ...
In 1950, at night, a passenger train kills a ma...
The story concerns a boy called Shuji, growing ...
A documentary about why people lie. Includes pr...
A group of people are plunged into a dark, clau...
Meeting a man on the Internet, Julia decides to...
Comedy -  Carmen Electra, Lainie Kazan, Saul Ru...
After ten years of doing nothing, Orel and Grin...
A brother's journey to unravel the truth about ...
Told in seven chapters, Käutner’s first postwar...
The day after a weird green light is seen in th...
A powerful man posing as a gladiator in Rome's ...
Goliath battles for the freedom of the Babyloni...
An actor is approached by a group of men offeri...
A gang of prison inmates escape and rob the Roy...
A large family meet at the family estate for th...
                                               NaN
At the end of the Civil War, a Union soldier is...
When Hardy Buchanan, a senior at an elite priva...
Two brothers, who are the leaders of a gang of ...
Seven masked bandits, whose chief calls himself...
Sam is wounded by the Mash Flanigan gang who en...
Following a ghost invasion of Manhattan, parano...
Chi Mo Sai (Yuen Wah) meets Wong (Roger Kwok) i...
Henry Gamble's Birthday Party takes place over ...
Two teenage girls, Janie who is American and La...
A young man learns the fighting techniques of S...
A group of teenage boys out to give their girlf...
A former bounty hunter who finds himself on the...
In the throes of a midlife crisis, a man buys a...
Three down-to-earth guys, record songs and reac...
College freshman Si-ying gets a part-time job a...
Hyun-tae, In-chul and Min-soo have been best fr...
A traveling sideshow called the Cavalcade of Pe...
When a strange signal pulsates through all cell...
Former SWAT leader David Hendrix and hard-party...
Two friends, who both work for the same high-pr...
Route 181 is the epic record of a road trip und...
Haskell (Michael Caine) is assigned a job by hi...
In a Philadelphia convent, two nuns battle it o...
An orange Chevrolet Impala drives across a ceme...
A policeman is assigned by his superior officer...
Follows the dark-comic adventures of two men wh...
Sonja, a city girl from Zagreb, a vegetarian an...
Hiromi appears on the outside to be a mature, r...
Julie is a young tennis star who falls in love ...
                                               NaN
Six of the worlds scariest psychopaths escape f...
After a tragic accident Grace is lost and alone...
Anna Fritz is a beautiful and famous actress. S...
Mallister takes Thane prisoner and forces Marek...
Tom’s birthday dinner party is turned upside do...
Documentary that goes behind the stats to revea...
The summer of 1940, Pilot Officer T.B. Baird ar...
At the age of 14 the world around you changes a...
A scientist develops a formula which will cause...
An imaginative tale chronicling the adventures ...
Biarritz. 16 year-old George, the high-school h...
All over the world, people report they've been ...
A young policemen witnesses a bank robbery whic...
Two American expatriates, Jack and Sam, unwitti...
Jussi Vares falls in love with a beautiful brun...
The tango king Harry Koivikko was found dead si...
Tough Finnish detective Jussi Vares gets hired ...
In the heat of the night, a man from faraway pl...
Now in his fifties, Vagn leads a solitary life ...
Organized Noize shaped the landscape of Hip Hop...
A "gangster noir" set in the 1970s, when Gangna...
A young woman newly returned to her hometown be...
"To Catch a Killer" tells the true gruesome sto...
Identicals is a highly unconventional romantic ...
In this retelling of the classic tale, Aladdin ...
When ants, displaying never-before-seen behavio...
A greedy, scheming woman is found murdered in h...
Beatrice is a blabbermouth and a so-called bill...
Inspired by Carmilla, the seminal 19th Century ...
Mateusz is an intelligent, romantic young man t...
Elena (Kasia Smutniak) and Antonio (Francesco A...
A fallen professional wrestling superstar battl...
                                               NaN
                                No overview found.
Life and times of Nikola Tesla, famous scientis...
In Chechnya, an American doctor takes a detour ...
A teenage couple making out in the woods accide...
On Earth in the future Don "The Dragon" Wilson ...
Mod-sixties visuals and black humor mark this w...
Joaquim Pinto has been living with HIV and VHC ...
Allan (Hugh Grant) is an engineer working in 19...
The musician duo of Goopi Gayin and Bagha Bayin...
An anarcho-absurdist blood-soaked grand guignol...
Pop superstar Jordan Jaye has a big dream - he ...
The story of the encounter between a boy and a ...
Introverted Weichung has been married to Feng f...
"Happy" MacDonald and his unfaithful wife own a...
Frank (Miller) is a gay journalist who goes und...
Quand Yves-Marie, 9 ans, demande à Jacqueline, ...
Two young Kurdish refugees, recently arrived in...
After he reunites with an old pal through Faceb...
A decision by India's supreme court tests a man...
The story revolves around a taxi driver, Narsin...
On the request of his friend Kabir, SP Adil Sen...
A man who loves to make "to-do lists" makes one...
A middle-class father in India struggles throug...
We hurtle into the bylanes, beach shacks and ra...
Protagonist of the film is Melita Zganjer, woma...
Two powerful, yet deeply troubled women -- refu...
“OJ: Made in America” examines the history of r...
When theater major Leah, brings home the specia...
A stone-encrusted body is unearthed at Pompeii,...
A group of mutant gators attack the cajun peopl...
When an offshore-drilling rig in the Gulf burst...
The insurgence of substance abuse among the you...
In July 2010, a vacationing couple discovered s...
A cowboy detective goes up against a gang of bi...
A wrongly convicted woman tries to make amends ...
Before the show - Live wire - Shot down in flam...
An adaptation of Alex Haley's "Roots", chronicl...
In 1984, American heavy metal band Twisted Sist...
When Sid insults a powerful triad boss, his fat...
On her first anniversary, Ann Reagan finds that...
After his business goes bust, Ng Shun (Tony Leu...
This short experimental film tells the story of...
Kwok Ching (Stanley Fung) is a soon-to-retire t...
Mickey, Donald, and Goofy are cleaning a large ...
Mickey is trying to lead a concert of The Willi...
Mark Fisher disappeared from his home in a bril...
Ken O'Hara (Gary Daniels) is a "Mindhunter" - a...
Workers involuntarily release a gargoyle that p...
      Two Marine pilots vie for romance and glory.
When documentarian Josh Fox realizes, after muc...
Police lieutenant detective Thomas 'Thom' Randa...
Jairo is a teenager living in a marginal world,...
Going deeper than fine fabrics and silk linings...
   Comedy about a bandleader with hypnotic powers.
A millionaire automaker retires upon the advice...
The history of the controversial "don't ask, do...
William Saroyan's Pulitzer Prize-winning play r...
An aspiring mystery writer becomes accidently e...
Kids being raised by same-sex couples are growi...
Morikawa draws from his experiences as a former...
A filmmaker captures images that characterize t...
New York in the 1920s. Max Perkins, literary ed...
Rags follows the story of Charlie Prince, an or...
                                               NaN
When a pedestrian is hit by a bus, the simple c...
After retiring to the beautiful Mexican town of...
The story of two couples - Xico and Olga, Tuca ...
For his first in a long series of wildly imagin...
In Rio de Janeiro, the teenagers Lia and Rodrig...
“Fantastic Lies” returns to the night of March ...
Young graffiti artist Tony (Olivier Martinez) a...
In a remote village in South India, three gener...
True story of three British POWs and their atte...
Shinohara, a young bodybuilder, joins a para-mi...
A group of Internet "sensations" compete for a ...
Investigative reporter Chase Carter must stop a...
HEADER portrays the grueling psychological jour...
A multi-national corporation attempts to take o...
Doc Martin tells the tale of Martin Clunes' cha...
A grandfather, police officer and a priest join...
The most dangerous former operative of the CIA ...
Drina, a young immigrant working as a live-in m...
A film cataloguing some of the world's largest ...
When Sanju a master safe cracker teams up with ...
Khichdi: The Movie is a Hindi film directed by ...
LSD explores the human emotions of love, sex &a...
Maanav is a struggling filmmaker who will not c...
A meeting with a struggling actress (Niharika S...
Inspired by the incredible true story of Lucky ...
Phase Gaye Re Obama is a comedy set against the...
The Royal Scandal, the war for power and fight ...
A mute, aspiring actor joins forces with a man ...
Stanley studies in the all-boys Holy Family Hig...
In a quaint village of Haryana lives Miny, a fr...
                                               NaN
Brothers Grass and Cobra Snake, in their late a...
The Great Alone is a feature length independent...
Two teen rival babysitters, Jenny and Luci, tea...
A father loses his short-term memory as the res...
A gigantic serpent is captured on a remote isla...
A young woman arrives at her grandmother's hous...
The descendant of Elizabeth Bathory is abducted...
A woman tracks down the three men who raped her...
Calamity Jane tries to help Buffalo Bill Cody a...
A couple of hit men (Henry Silva, Jack Klugman)...
The story of the American music dynasty, the Ca...
A ragtag group of gunslingers try to make their...
George and The Man In The Yellow Hat are having...
Can a sinful man change and find peace? It's un...
A yakuza gang gets driven out of Yokohama by a ...
                                No overview found.
The moment he's released from prison, the honor...
Anna is stuck: she’s approaching 30 and has jus...
We have all made mistakes.  Little white lies t...
Infamous London gangster cousins, Micky Mannock...
Following his forced retirement from an appalli...
A compilation of trailers for exploitation film...
On holiday with their mother in the Lake Distri...
A volatile, oil-rich Nigerian community wages w...
An intimate conversation between filmmakers, ch...
Set in present day Mumbai the story follows the...
In this adaptation of the critically acclaimed ...
How might your life be better with less? MINIMA...
Drag Becomes Him provides an intimate glimpse i...
Tarzan, having acclimated to life in London, is...
Two years after choosing not to kill the man wh...
Mike and Dave are young, adventurous, fun-lovin...
Set after the events of Continental Drift, Scra...
When Rebecca left home, she thought she left he...
Pete is a mysterious 10-year-old with no family...
When a team of unlikely heroes hijacks a steam-...
A detective investigates a forgery ring in hist...
A group of lifelong mob movie extras mount a pr...
A Texas Ranger investigates a series of unexpla...
The year is 2015, and big brother is everywhere...
What is stranger than the big hole that opens u...
Terry Jones presents Boom Bust Boom. The result...
In 1983, the NC State Wolfpack, coached by Jim ...
Les Tuche, a modest french family, change his l...
As a child, Ed was cleaning his father's huntin...
A murdered police officer is brought back to li...
A hatter in a provincial town (Michel Serrault)...
Victims of oppressive town boss Honey are offer...
In Africa, many years ago, Slim and Tom don't l...
                                               NaN
                                               NaN
A historical story describing the death of Prin...
Charles Maxwell makes his directorial debut wit...
In 1951, Marcus Messner, a working-class Jewish...
Reeling from a terrifying assault, a nineteen y...
A group of archaeologists uncover a strange str...
Julien Monnier has a serious problem. Though he...
A missing brother. Hide and seeks codes. A shoc...
Desperate to be rid of her toddler, a dissatisf...
Vanni and Linda live in a penthouse apartment f...
The drama about a woman that gets fired because...
Marco, a cynical and ambitious young lawyer, li...
                                               NaN
A story set in the 90s and in the outskirts of ...
                                               NaN
The ReZort, a post apocalyptic safari, offers p...
Major-league rookie pitcher Hopper Gibson has l...
The Trench tells the story of a group of young ...
Taking bribes and making deals is as essential ...
An untraceable group of elite bank robbers is c...
A look back at Charlie Chaplin's early life and...
Three estranged childhood friends (Omar, Ramy, ...
The young Jeremiah grows up in a priest's famil...
Struggling to find fulfillment in relationships...
A debate rages over the credibility of the Bibl...
David, now an old man, is still king of Israel....
A boy transfers to a school in the countryside,...
Part crime caper gone awry, part survival horro...
"Dragon's World: A Fantasy Made Real" is a natu...
It's summer. One endless, sexy party under the ...
A sexy supernatural love story about a bullied ...
Edina and Patsy are still oozing glitz and glam...
Thanks to an auto accident, a parasitic alien m...
A young girl (Kim Sae-Ron) is kidnapped by a se...
A mother bird tries to teach her little one how...
Exhibit A tells the timely story of a normal fa...
A documentary that resurrects the buried histor...
In 2012, jihadists took control of northern Mal...
Since 1912, baseball has been a game obsessed w...
The pond. This is where hockey was born-under t...
Writer and Adderall enthusiast Stephen Elliott ...
In the city of Santiago, four characters strugg...
Three filmmakers embark on a paranormal challen...
Reporter Michael Gordon uncovers intrigue in Da...
A group of swingin' teens take time out from ha...
Drug dealer on the run from the law meets an in...
Song and comedy revue, featuring Western talent...
Jimmy Wakely and "Cannonball" Taylor protect sh...
Western remake of "Destry Rides Again", starrin...
More than 10 years after the release of Green D...
A ruthless businessman's payoff to the Belgian ...
A young woman running a wildlife sanctuary in t...
In the 1880s western "Traded", a father must le...
In this Roy Rogers entry, featuring a song writ...
Robert Hamer's bleak portrait of life in London...
The judge (Lewis Stone) guides Andy (Mickey Roo...
A hotshot young flyer falls for a French prosti...
Wu Hongyan, woman executioner in her thirties, ...
Jean Loring has her men illegally killing and s...
Seven strangers try to survive in the aftermath...
In an abandoned mental institution, doctors car...
Eagle Chief Yoh Xi-hung raises orphans to be hi...
A biography of the American rock band The Beach...
Bob Blake and his sidekick and four singing cow...
Paul Hudson, leads a group of desert bandits ag...
French General Birabeau has been sent to Morocc...
The Journey is a cross-continental story that e...
In Sancharram ("The Journey"), Kiran is mortifi...
Kishan Singh. a retired teacher from India, com...
                                               NaN
Eric Saperston directs this amazing journey abo...
In early 1900s' Pennsylvania, Mr. Pennypacker h...
When a man dodges conviction after raping multi...
This conventional post-nuclear holocaust drama ...
Fidencio Borer (Cantinflas) an apothecary in a ...
Mario Moreno portrays a professor in this movie...
Javier se ha casado con María, el amor de su vi...
Shin is a Japanese university student living a ...
Low-profile theater troop actor Mutsugoro Suzuk...
                               Bigfoot documentary
Get set for more kung foolery with everybody's ...
Kai (Leehom Wang) awakens on his Shanghai house...
Meet the doers and dreamers who made America gr...
The dialogue-less film follows the major life s...
3 years on from hospitalité, Kiki Sugino and Ko...
In this black comedy the lives of a timid small...
A young woman is invited by her girlfriend, who...
Sara Gold is a young girl on a quest to save ma...
After losing sight in 1983, John Hull began kee...
Josephine and Antonio have reached a delicate e...
Mickey Mouse enlists with the army and ships of...
1968 film by Ward Kimball protesting LBJ's esca...
Four friends on their way to Coachella stop off...
At three years old, a chatty, energetic little ...
Poland, 1945. Mathilde, a young French Red Cros...
Follows three brothers who are going to discove...
Thorsten Schütte’s film is a sharply edited and...
Realising that he will be defeated in no time d...
Argentina continues Saura’s lyrical exploration...
Through You Princess will follow Samantha, Kuti...
Greece, in the 1920's, is occupied by the Turks...
Quite by accident, a film director arrives in t...
A comedy about an absent-minded man who works a...
The fittest athletes on Earth take on the Cross...
Two friends, Michael Director and actor Rodrigo...
It's about a country doctor that comes to the c...
A new vision of the Knight of the sad figure, w...
Mateo Melgarejo (played by Mario Moreno "Cantin...
Follows Diogenes as he goes about his day as a ...
A cheerful sweeper collects garbage dancing, an...
The Rolling Stones Rock and Roll Circus is a fi...
Industrious high school senior, Vee Delmonico, ...
Colonel Robert Sikes is on a mission to rid his...
Truckers battle a Nazi who has hidden out in Me...
Shot in the Films du Panthéon Studio in Paris 1...
Puce Moment is a short 6 minute film by Kenneth...
After treatment for a slipped disc in a London ...
This incredibly strange short film was commissi...
William Hoyland stars as a nameless protagonist...
                         Directed by B.S. Johnson.
A poet of forty wanders about the beach, change...
Obsessed with a general's woman, a clergyman ha...
Luchino's routine morning elevator ride up from...
On 15 January 2009, the world witnessed the 'Mi...
Summer 1910. Several tourists have vanished whi...
A young man who lives with his mother and has n...
A young boy begins to experience the adult worl...
Veniamin, a teenager in the midst of a mystical...
Louis, a terminally ill writer, returns home af...
A lonely private investigator is contacted by a...
Filmed during the Lambada dance craze (if there...
A group of students traveling to California are...
Due to his violent past, Deputy Sheriff Thomas ...
Cops try to track down the infamous "Lawnmower ...
Two young children and an adult in a small town...
John Daniels stars as Jonathan Knight, the owne...
A white ex-GI goes to a black ghetto to deliver...
A dimension-traveling wizard gets stuck in the ...
Returning for a second Netflix comedy special, ...
An under-appreciated intern entrusted with a mi...
Check out the hilarious story of luck and misad...
Zack (Haas) is a young, divorced father who sta...
A young boy plants some strange seeds and they ...
A biographical drama based on the life of ficti...
                                               NaN
The story of the kidnapping of newspaper heires...
This plodding piece of cinematic ambiguity find...
When Damon Miller, a talented, young London fil...
J.B. (Lars Bom) - an ultra-talented Webmaster o...
A young, nonconforming woman named Tessa gets e...
                                               NaN
Story of Miki Howard, an American R&amp;B and J...
A serial killer terrorizes Hamburg, Germany, du...
First DEFA "western" establishing Gojko Mitić's...
A teenage girl living in California suburbia de...
Set against the gorgeous landscape of Armenia, ...
Indigenous detective Jay Swan arrives in the fr...
Diane is a well-known lawyer, divorced for thre...
                                               NaN
A newly married couple are forced to navigate t...
A madman captures a young boy and rigs him with...
A Marine Biologist is assigned to investigate t...
In the 1920s, the rights of American workers to...
A young widow moves into an old house on Lake E...
                                               NaN
Year 1206. Norway is ravaged by civil war. The ...
A man has had a werewolf curse cast upon him. I...
An allergy-ridden, eavesdropping sound engineer...
Christian Karl Gerhartsreiter lived a life of d...
This colourful, music-filled and sensual melodr...
The year is 1984. Estela is going through the t...
Behind the magnificent Taj Mahal lies a cluster...
Nicolas Philibert goes to America after killing...
Prince of Broadway is the story of Lucky and Le...
On January 1, 2014, recreational marijuana sale...
This is a story about an architect Raj Malhotra...
A documentary exploring how money and the tradi...
The tradition of the Irish pub. Speaking to pub...
This is the first movie version of the famous s...
Eduardo Coutinho was filming a movie with the s...
When the plans for the future change, new bonds...
In a small New Mexico town, a 17-year-old high ...
A poem. A tale made of silence and complicity. ...
Kahn is a heavy weight kick-box champion, who o...
In July 1945, during the end of World War II, J...
A U.S Customs official uncovers a massive money...
Sir Martin Gilbert, author of over sixty books ...
Based on the true story of two young men, David...
The Berlin Wall came down in 1989, bringing the...
HOMME LESS is about the underbelly of the Ameri...
On 13 January 2011, 24 scientists on night shif...
A teen's life turns upside down when her boyfri...
Follow the winding career and personal life of ...
'Electoral Dysfunction' uses irreverent humor t...
Taken into slavery after the fall of Jerusalem ...
Chinese filmmaker Jia Zhangke returns to the sh...
It’s not often that a coming-of-age story revol...
Sunspring is a short film about three people li...
Friday night is almost like a shortened New yea...
A mono virus outbreak at Highland Park High tak...
LIVING IN THE AGE OF AIRPLANES offers a fresh p...
A young and cynical female journalist learns lo...
A young boxer is taken under the wing of a mob ...
Murat is a sound recordist who lives in Istanbu...
Joe Mazzello, best known for his acting roles i...
Tony Washington is killed by a gang of rampant ...
A gang of cold-blooded outlaws narrowly escapes...
Being a teenage virgin in Bangalore, India, dur...
On a rainy morning six armed men in disguise ro...
A Beautiful Planet is a breathtaking portrait o...
When a low-level cop, Aiden Magnusson, solves a...
Park Goo (Lee Kwang-Soo) mutates into a man-fis...
Daniel Tosh is brutally honest in his newest st...
When his brother disappears, Robert Manning pay...
The Edhi children’s shelter is a rare safe have...
                                               NaN
The film is the immediate continuation of Un él...
One night, one apartment and one mystery. Shir ...
Our RoboCop Remake is a crowd-sourced film proj...
As Abraham Lincoln labors over the Gettysburg a...
The second HBO documentary on former mafia enfo...
After his girlfriend dies in childbirth, Confed...
After their child is abducted, John and Reve Wa...
The hand of God fashions Adam out of the clay o...
Three British soldiers find themselves stranded...
Razz accidentally shoots his wife Martha when h...
When a hostage situation arises on-board a priv...
Dirty Gertie is a nightclub entertainer from th...
After being captured during a bank robbery, a c...
To save a group of horses slated to be destroye...
Patrick returns to San Francisco for the first ...
When a shipping clerk is recruited by his emplo...
 A bizarre portrait of the New York singles scene.
A Civil War guerilla gang plans an attack on a ...
A Turkish commando must infiltrate and capture ...
Thomas hitchhikes from Hamburg to Munich where ...
The blacksmith of a small western town finds hi...
                                               NaN
Alejandro is an elderly writer, and is driving ...
A chorus girl gets bad advice from her fellow c...
Four friends head into the jungle to locate a l...
The Director managed to captures perfectly the ...
A young woman plans to marry, but her mother an...
Victor Perez was a Jewish boxer who became worl...
While fulfilling her community service hours at...
U.S. Soldiers in the Middle East become trapped...
After X-Corp, a radical weapons manufacturer, i...
The Vigilante Diaries is a high octane action-a...
He was called the Champion of Champions. The st...
Siddhartha Chowdhury, a brilliant medical stude...
An oceanographer diving in the Bermuda Triangle...
Ghostheads is a documentary that explores the e...
Gene Smith was born in Utah and raised a Mormon...
What if it made perfect sense for ordinary peop...
A small-town Sheriff discovers there is somethi...
David must fight for his life against the gangs...
An in-depth, award-winning documentary on the l...
Françoise has gone into business seducing men w...
A man's life is turned inside out after a visit...
Ozzie is a young koala living in Australia. He ...
This exploitative melodrama is set in northern ...
Senada is 31 and she lives in Poljice neighborh...
Mavela, 15 years old, is a Black Bronx. She fal...
Two teenage girls travel across the U.S. in 196...
Documentary-drama recounting the Martian War of...
Belfast, it’s a city that ís changing, changing...
Granted unprecedented access, Berlinger capture...
New York magazine’s October 2005 issue sent sho...
Benoit is the new kid at a junior high school. ...
Schmitke is an old German wind turbine engineer...
The story of Nikos Belogiannis member of the co...
Le Mirage is the perspective of a man in his th...
Based on the book "Walt Before Mickey" covers t...
Elaine, a beautiful young witch, is determined ...
As Batman hunts for the escaped Joker, the Clow...
When intruders interfere in the robbery of Le M...
Eddie is conned into fronting a speakeasy for a...
A look at the often mocked and misunderstood su...
Oceana, West Virginia—known as “Oxyana” after i...
Hoping to film paranormal activity, three frien...
The film is a wide-ranging ensemble piece, with...
A mysterious master criminal known as The Voice...
Adaptation of a fairy tale by Hans Christian An...
The inhabitants of a small, remote island have ...
A British woman faces challenges while attempti...
Horror icon Christopher Lee, who worked with Je...
In the Olden Tymes, Count Regula is drawn and q...
A circus becomes the location for stolen loot a...
A colonial police officer in Rhodesia hunts dow...
Computer genius and chess champion Ted Danson i...
Based off of the novel, "The Nutcracker and the...
Story of forbidden love in 1800's India set aga...
Around the World in 80 Days is a 1989 three-par...
In 1263, King James I of Aragon organizes a deb...
King Edward ask Sherlock Holmes to perform one ...
Sherlock Holmes and Doctor Watson get involved ...
A petty crook, in search of the proverbial pot ...
A honeymooning couple become entangled in a plo...
The young druid Imp y Celyn comes to Ankh-Morpo...
Based on the Terry Pratchett novel. On Discworl...
This is the true story of a little dog that ref...
A four-episode television serial based on the G...
                                               NaN
In the outskirts of the city, where crime is a ...
Bela Lugosi stars as Mr. Wong, a "harmless" Chi...
A mysterious criminal known as The Whispering S...
Aliens attack Earth with deadly electrical torn...
Insurance agent-physician collects on policies ...
During a horrific storm at sea, the crew realiz...
Ichiko is a 30-year-old unemployed woman. She m...
When three overworked and under-appreciated mom...
A divorced dad and his ex-con brother resort to...
Chronicles a single day in the summer of 1989 w...
Jake is a quiet, sensitive middle schooler with...
As Carl Black gets the opportunity to move his ...
Hamilton is assigned to infiltrate a terrorist ...
With the space program attempting to travel to ...
The magical kingdom of Lucis is home to the wor...
At 40, Stephanie loses her job and is forced to...
Made in 1912, this film has become known as one...
A doctor and his girlfriend are stalked by a wo...
While maintaining a happy marriage with Adnan H...
A paranormal-obsessed man mounts his own invest...
Two couples of Italian immigrants are part of a...
Nirmal loses his family in a man-made disaster,...
                                               NaN
A movie about living and fighting of Paris Comm...
This story centers on the Jewish practice that ...
While on her bachelorette party getaway, Casey,...
Everyone's favorite martial artist ""Bruce"" wi...
Inspired by a real event , Clash takes place al...
Two women plot revenge against the woman marryi...
During his 50th birthday party thrown by his wi...
Set during the 1999 Asian fiscal crisis Ki-Mun ...
From Amos 'n' Andy to Nat King Cole, from Roots...
Jessica Yu's documentary explores the relations...
A group of teens break into a blind man's home ...
Three life-long friends struggle with an early ...
Nenad, ten years Christian boy from a Serbian e...
Comedy about Frank, a hermit with Tourette Synd...
Unspooled through a series of vignettes, this s...
The chronicle of the life and great love of Ott...
Two sisters on Mexican vacation are trapped in ...
The film is set in Hong Kong before its handove...
Popular prank TV show, Scare Campaign, has been...
'Gabo, The Magic of Reality' is a story about t...
In his newest film, Dinesh D’Souza will expose ...
Jimmy (Jack Wild) ventures to Living Island wit...
My Best Friend is the outrageous story of two m...
Guys And Dolls focuses on a group of men who ha...
In a Yorkshire mining town, three educated brot...
In the town of Martin, Tennessee, Chip Hines, a...
A group of friends and their girlfriends head o...
Rome, 1984, Aria is nine-year-old girl. On the ...
Hassan, a brilliant aviation engineer struggles...
American Hostage pulls back the curtains on a t...
In the south of Laos, an American volunteer doc...
When a group of elite online gamers each receiv...
Hugo Vartan is an author looking for a juicy st...
A couple uses extremely black comedy to survive...
An aimless young man, Johnny, is sent prison. H...
Actress Coral Browne travels to Moscow, and mee...
The returning soldier is amnesia victim Alan Ba...
Beginning with a sci-fi prologue before finding...
Madame Ranevskaya (Rampling) is a spoiled aging...
The making of a serious, Canadian art house fil...
On a tiny exotic island, Tuesday, an outgoing p...
The story about a family that must maintain an ...
                                               NaN
September, 1945. Sebastian impatiently waits fo...
                                               NaN
A shy French anthropologist who happens to be s...
A sequel to the popular romantic mermaid drama,...
When the closure of a railway is announced, emp...
A young woman (Maya Kazan) gets revenge on both...
The concept of an elevator to space is not new....
                                               NaN
From the director of CANDYMAN and the producers...
Whether it's a giant Frankencelery from a scary...
Discover with the Veggies the real reasons God ...
There's trouble brewing at the Nezzer Chocolate...
Two stories, told by the VeggieTales gang, talk...
The Biblical story of David and Goliath, with a...
In every VeggieTales video, Larry the Cucumber ...
A lesson in obedience, it's the Bible story of ...
Even though Madame Blueberry lives in a nice tr...
Archibald Asparagus has cancelled 'Silly Songs ...
A VeggieTales of Queen Esther and her struggle ...
King George, unlike most kings, spends most of ...
Oh, my! Determined to present something "classy...
The Pirates Who Don't Do Anything present the 1...
Join Little Joe and his rootin' tootin' French ...
Sunday morning values, Saturday morning fun! It...
Larry the Cucumber stars as Minnesota Cuke, adv...
When the armies of Rhubarb go to battle against...
Something more ambiguous than the first two Lar...
Larry the Cucumber is detective dynamo Sheerluc...
Meet Darby (Junior Asparagus), the son of a Kan...
Huckleberry Larry wants to help his new friend,...
A wealthy woman funds an underwater expedition ...
A night out turns deadly when three girls break...
The meaning of cryptic prophesy splits apart a ...
Both a visual flashback and a telling of the li...
An Irish funeral has a wake. A Jewish funeral h...
Nineteenth century Wyoming: the wild West. Mild...
Based on a stranger than fiction true story, Ki...
In one of his better early Westerns, Tim Holt, ...
In old Shanghai, two sisters, a prostitute and ...
Molly and Bee, sweet young 'working girls,' liv...
Against orders and with no help of relief Texas...
A sister and brother, the last heirs of a famil...
When former college sweethearts Olivia Parsons ...
Viennese surgeon Dr. Braun and his daughter Len...
Inspired by true events, Todd Verow’s Tumbledow...
After spending 20 years in America, aging widow...
Every year, friends get together for a weekend ...
Brothers Yaki and Shaul live with their parents...
The second movie version, now in color, of Flem...
JACO tells the story of Jaco Pastorius, a self-...
The new installment of the Sharknado franchise ...
Donald Trump has it all. Money, power, respect,...
Two high school girls are best friends until on...
An investigation into how the Clintons have ama...
Yorkshire, 1974, the Maynard family moves into ...
(animated short) The film applies an unconventi...
A journey into the intricacies of mixed-race Ja...
Written and directed by Tearepa Kahi (Mt Zion) ...
Danny, a commercial editor and documentary film...
During one of Oregon's most violent storms, a y...
"Master Harold" is what the black employees are...
Ran has a nightmare about her mother dying, but...
Suzuki Zaibatsu found the 51st Easter Egg made ...
A man must cope with the loss of his wife and t...
One step ahead of Chinese communists, a couple ...
Ray Romano's eight-day drive through the south ...
Abdul Rahman, an African prince who was sold in...
In December 1941, Czech soldiers Jozef Gabčík a...
An ex-con reunites with his estranged wayward 1...
After his engagement ends badly, Josh decides t...
To amuse themselves during the winter school br...
Free to Run tells the amazing story of the runn...
When Michelle, the CEO of a gaming software com...
An old Jewish baker struggles to keep his busin...
Following the death of the unmarried and childl...
A retelling of L.M. Montgomery's story of Anne ...
Years after a mysterious plague has devastated ...
Every three years, the five leading gangs elect...
In this most talky and personal of films, direc...
Enthusiastic young woman runs away to Chicago t...
A story of life and death, featuring Lozinski's...
In this wry retelling of the ancient Medusa myt...
The film deals with an aspiring filmmaker, Mark...
Documentary which gets to the heart of who Jeff...
African American filmmaker David A. Wilson deci...
Jowitt, a mercenary without recluse institutes ...
The Psychological thriller directed by Hiroaki ...
A wartime cartoon that satirizes the Axis leade...
Diagnosed with ALS and given 2 to 5 years to li...
Anna, a somewhat introverted woman, becomes obs...
A prominent neurosurgeon relates to his student...
An Italian submarine captain tries to navigate ...
Chandrashekhar lives alone in a dark and violen...
Mattias has a dream to become a photography stu...
Wind is blasting through your speeding car but ...
Having just landed a gig with a trendy magazine...
3 Days of Normal follows the story of straight-...
"If you don't have your own plan, you'll damn s...
This thriller from directors Dale Fabrigar and ...
Five men break into Frank Wagner's apartment. F...
Martial law is declared when a mysterious viral...
Johan Falk's stepdaughter Nina has gotten in co...
A group of young robbers, specializing in robbi...
GSI second in command, Sophie Nordh, flips gang...
It's been two years since John Falk and Frank W...
A car explodes outside a primary school where G...
Frank Wagner goes deeper undercover to infiltra...
When Erica finds Fjällbacka's photographer Stig...
Erica's parents are killed in a traffic acciden...
On a crystal clear, starry and bitingly cold wi...
The successful detective writer, Erica Falck, i...
Erica's sister Anna is visiting at the same tim...
The young coast guard and diver Jessica finds t...
After five years of being away, Rick Nelson (Jo...
An American military officer (Joel McCrea) and ...
                                       No Overview
The film focuses on Murri; the token maverick c...
The death of a multinational company’s chairman...
De Luca is killed by Marchetti's chauffeur. Mar...
Building is Howard's passion, and he is so abso...
The story of the civil rights heroine whose ref...
Enjoying college life as a popular student, Lau...
A woman enters an underground bunker where gift...
A young African American man, reeling from the ...
Set in beautiful Trinidad and Tobago, BAZODEE i...
Breaking Glass is the story of punk singer Kate...
When two brothers are stranded by a brutal wint...
Following the outbreak of a virus that wipes ou...
After a family moves into an old Victorian home...
The film is set in a town that has a profession...
                                               NaN
Inspired to a true story, on November 5th 1991,...
The Mind’s Eye follows a drifter with telekinet...
A group of people have just signed up to be cam...
A television producer woman tries to let down h...
A 1970 American documentary film biography of D...
The lawyer Federico Fendi has reasons to believ...
Eddie Carbone, a Brooklyn longshoreman is unhap...
A young GI (Tab Hunter) falls in love with a ke...
As every day of Donald Trump's presidential cam...
Based on the well-loved Australian classic by M...
Four teenage boys devote their summer to escapi...
An aboriginal girl is brought up by a white fam...
A job interview goes horribly wrong when a lie ...
                     Johansson's stand up special.
A troubled antiwar activist plans to assassinat...
Documentary film investigating allegations of e...
Hana Doda, still a girl, escapes from her desti...
In this concert film, originally broadcast on H...
With his signature wide-eyed humor and treasure...
2016 marks the 500th anniversary of the death o...
Dino and Anna are a couple in their forties. Th...
Claire is about to get married and she goes to ...
Would-be filmmaker Sophie left Africa for Canad...
A tragic story about Anna who dreams of one thi...
Jor and Gerda is a loving couple that lives tog...
After committing a hit and run, a beautiful car...
Teacher Sara has always played by the rules and...
Follow actor J Kimball as he researches what it...
Having first met today, the man and woman dash ...
Detective Katrine Ries Jensen and legal psychia...
Siberia. Late autumn. In taiga, in the deserted...
Driving cross-country to a job interview, Colin...
Anita is a girl of only 16 years, and while she...
When a young woman is cruelly and indiscriminat...
A woman who gets paid to break people up is for...
The Ancient Romans believed that the soul escap...
Shades is a film about (imaginary) Belgian seri...
When a hotrod girl finds a mysterious letter da...
Danny, a respected cop, is setup after an inves...
On Christmas Eve, ten strangers board a bus tra...
When a piece of the massive comet "Copernicus" ...
Aleksandra is a student from Krško, a small tow...
Road of no Return follows the final nine days i...
Forty-something Leon is an alcoholic, ex-specia...
A young woman named Clara is captured by a seri...
MIDNIGHT SON is the story of Jacob, a young man...
A mysterious new girl arrives in posh suburban ...
The unofficial story of a killer who kidnaps an...
An up-and-coming actress (Regan Reece) is picke...
Shane Ryan's sequel to the disturbing Amateur P...
Australian film about a fictional sub-par Austr...
Despite Diana's insecure nature, she and her hu...
A psychological thriller. One quite ordinary su...
An adaptation of a book by Sass Henno, I Was He...
Paul Hogan plays Charlie McFarland and Shane Ja...
The Seamstress was brought into being by the de...
Ben is a tormented young man who escapes abuse,...
It's just another hazy day for STONE and his br...
A brutal serial killer is finally gunned down i...
An anthology of 26 fan entries submitted for in...
When a one-night stand turns Ajay into a vampir...
Frank and Casper's friendship is put to a test,...
Turkish director Hasan Karacadag is something o...
Two disparate young women working for a company...
In Casablanca, Ali, Hmida, Mbarek and Messoud a...
Louise and Kasper want to become parents, but L...
"An underground revolutionary group struggles a...
Adapted from the novel L'Argent by Émile Zola, ...
Arthur Bishop thought he had put his murderous ...
When Miranda splits up with her creepy boyfrien...
Jake and Mati are two outsiders in the northerl...
Ernesto, a seven-year-old boy who has the body ...
Focuses on the people, their stories and archit...
This sensitive and sensual film draws together ...
Cal, a young man on the fringes of the IRA, fal...
Captain Webb aka The Greatest Englishman tells ...
After discovering his wife's infidelities, Gerr...
The bearded, bawdy, and comically bitter Tom Se...
In a desolate community full of drug-addled Mar...
A psychologist who begins working with a young ...
Seven gun men in the old west gradually come to...
Separation concerns the inner life of a woman d...
                  Dwayne Perkins' standup special.
Elite snipers Brandon Beckett and Richard Mille...
The Chemist is a gritty action thriller about a...
Four old school friends reunite to attempt the ...
While testing the latest first person shooter f...
The Valley of Light is a beautifully-filmed, se...
Yvonne is a divorced middle-aged Chinese immigr...
As his country is gripped by revolution and war...
What do you know about the Darknet? Silk Road, ...
The 1980s snooker rivalry between Alex “Hurrica...
An American soldier finds an abandoned baby in ...
Missie's surprise pregnancy sets her on a new c...
Missie three years later: being a single mother...
Centers on Missy's adopted daughter Belinda Tyl...
Belinda Simpson is now a doctor in a small Miss...
In this sequel, Lillian has been adopted and it...
Clark Davis (Wes Brown) adventurous dreams of s...
Clark Davis struggles to maintain his land and ...
Set on the subterranean Mine-World, a band of h...
A detective from Hong Kong teams up with an Ame...
Experimental film that follows up on the result...
                                               NaN
In the future, the threat of global takeover by...
This tragic musical drama chronicles the star-c...
Breathing is about the thin space between life ...
A low-level mobster takes a stab at stand-up co...
The Yildiz brothers - Celal, Sami and Mesut - s...
Brian Posehn brings his signature style to Comi...
The tender, heartbreaking story of a young man’...
It is a world within our world, yet unseen by a...
An old note is found in a bottle in Jutland whi...
Two closeted Muslim teens hawk goods across Bro...
The fictional world of Royston Vasey is facing ...
Anna, a young teenager, comes home from her Cat...
She was an overworked mom trying to get her fam...
It would be hard to name anyone who has had mor...
                                               NaN
                                               NaN
When aquatic aliens plot to take over the plane...
A disturbed telepathic man is able to transmit ...
The Mesopotamian Marshes, at the delta of the E...
Macho Lawrence 'Larry' Hammer and frailer Dean ...
Suk-gyu is desperately looking for his runaway ...
Detectives in a remote town pore through every ...
An examination of the prisoner abuse scandal in...
What happens when a woman goes in search of her...
A combination "before the rage" and "after the ...
THE BANDIT is a film about 70s superstar Burt R...
This chilling fable about the rise of fascism i...
On a desolate island, a suicidal sheep named Fr...
In Budapest in 1944, a watchmaker, a book selle...
In 1941, The advancing Japanese army captures a...
Sakura Kinomoto, a Card Captor, wins a game of ...
A documentary that captures the greatest world ...
A young man paying the rent for himself and his...
A night guard at an armored car company in the ...
Two schoolboy delinquents learn a lesson that t...
The San Francisco area is beset by a series of ...
Ever since Robby's father was killed while on p...
ROBO-DOG is a real-world fantasy film for the w...
Raj Kandukuri and BiG Ben Films in association ...
A priest sets out to catch the man who killed o...
During WWII, adults are either off fighting or ...
Racketeer Frank Rocci is smitten with Joan Whel...
Hamm is blind and unable to stand; Clov, his se...
Since he was 5 yrs old, Jose's abuelita taught ...
A rural couple in crisis, who have a brother an...
Cooky Bradford thinks he's a fighter. He's most...
A suspenseful, psychological thriller, "Truth" ...
Guy Carter, an insecure expectant father unable...
Rustom Pavri, an honourable officer of the Indi...
Dan wakes up on a beach with no memory. He disc...
A short about what happens under and around us....
A Victorian-era murder mystery about a parlour ...
When a much-despised matriarch is murdered, or ...
Documents the writing, recording and performing...
Laila is an innocent Lappish girl and the only ...
"A many-faceted portrait of those individuals w...
In an invisible territory at the margins of soc...
When Rob Brown, a Native American gang leader o...
Newlyweds Claire and Ryan have just moved into ...
Kubo mesmerizes the people in his village with ...
Hanieh, a young teacher, lives in the household...
Ken Loach’s 2013 documentary about social chang...
A man, a woman. A prison director, his inmate. ...
A woman becomes enraged after being passed over...
Breaking up with Mark Darcy leaves Bridget Jone...
A lighthouse keeper and his wife living off the...
A corporate risk-management consultant must det...
A young girl overcomes her disadvantaged upbrin...
A story set on the offshore drilling rig Deepwa...
A teenager finds himself transported to an isla...
Rachel Watson, devastated by her recent divorce...
A quiet teenage artist Rafe Katchadorian has a ...
As a math savant uncooks the books for a new cl...
Comedian Kevin Hart performs in front of a crow...
Following a mysterious suicide at Niagara Falls...
The murder of Dutch filmmaker Theo van Gogh by ...
Published in Paris in 1954, Story of O was an i...
Since she was a child, Natalie Miller has alway...
Philippe Mars wants to please everyone. He want...
In the middle of the night, a man reports a mis...
A musical romantic movie exploring the journey ...
When Sonia receives the news that her husband’s...
A haunted theatre, filled with the vengeful spi...
A notoriously shrewish TV drama writer and a Ko...
In a hospital, ten soldiers are being treated f...
When a hip hop violinist busking in the New Yor...
A successful architect, Sakti (Tora Sudiro), is...
In 1983, high school teacher Ji-hwan is attacke...
HONG Gildong is an infallible private detective...
Gie is a 2005 Indonesian film directed by Riri ...
Eight years have passed since the first "Arisan...
Baaghi is the story of Ronny, a rebellious 23-y...
A disgruntled Mexican cop is forced to work wit...
After being rejected from the police college, a...
When India's top batsman Viraj Sharma goes miss...
Two girls, Catherine and Aishwarya, meet on a f...
When a high school teacher is asked a question ...
A documentary about the work and personality of...
A father doesn't want his three daughters to ge...
Kabali is a 2016 Indian Tamil-language gangster...
Ki and Ka (English: Hers and His) is an Indian ...
During the reign of King Zhou (Tony Leung Ka-fa...
Village lad Sarman is drawn to big, bad Mohenjo...
A circle of friends risking their Friendship, T...
A squad of soldiers fight in the Korean War's c...
María Nieves Rego (80) and Juan Carlos Copes (8...
Two Korean girls, Jung-Min (14) and Young-hee (...
The First Monday in May follows the creation of...
Set in the immediate and random background of t...
              A man leaves his fortune to his dog.
Based on a true story, set in the late 19th cen...
Five years after the mad terrorist Norman Galag...
It's 1959 in a seedy bar in Philadelphia, and B...
We see the various birds, mice, and bats that h...
The story of The Empire of Corpses takes place ...
The picture tells the story of Maria (Vera Khol...
Soldier Nathan died during World War I. A stran...
A strange but not unwelcome global pandemic fil...
The story of American poet Emily Dickinson from...
An unassuming young lawyer leads a fight agains...
A defense attorney works to get his teenage cli...
When emerging fashion model Emma gets a chance ...
High school seniors Logan and Blake prepare for...
A teenage girl with nothing to lose joins a tra...
A powerful three-part documentary studying the ...
Harry is an industrialist who loves his daughte...
Narrated by Emmy-winner Julianna Margulies, The...
Gil Scott-Heron, one of rap's earliest (and unf...
The ostensibly simple story of a sympathetic ve...
Stand-up veteran Deon Cole dazzles the crowd wi...
Most comedians are tortured artists and there a...
                                               NaN
Actor/comedian Tom Papa's new stand-up comedy s...
A security guard, trapped in a run-down inner-c...
True story of thirteen totally normal young wom...
Documentary stems from 1945, when infantryman S...
From the star and director of "The Storm Riders...
Out of Love encapsulates the sweltering and dev...
Stanley Evans, a Welsh schoolteacher, decides t...
In 2016, the Noordbrabants Museum in the Dutch ...
High school student Paula Carson's affections a...
In a remote Aboriginal community, 10 year old D...
A homicide inspector -- Lindsay Boxer -- who te...
When a charismatic teenager falters under const...
A comedy drama about a few days in the lives of...
Three guys tell a friend the stories of how the...
Surviving the plane crash was only the beginnin...
The holiday season is turned upside down for a ...
The greatest love story ever told began with Go...
Nicté is the best Tourist Guide in the Riviera ...
In this black comedy, the men in a lovely mansi...
A 35-year old man, just released from jail, dec...
A satirical drama revealing the consequences of...
Vassilis Georgiades directed this tense drama, ...
In order to secure money for the production of ...
Cavemen Ulli (Giuliano Gemma), Kao (Lando Buzza...
All in all a traditional summer comedy, except ...
A successful artist looks back with loving memo...
Nate Foster, a young, idealistic FBI agent, goe...
Na'ama is seventeen. She lives in a sleepy subu...
In a godforsaken Kazakh village four adolescent...
Elisabeth lives a quiet live in the Belgian cou...
The origin of the SATs in which Gregg, Gregg, G...
This made-for-TV movie dramatizes the historic ...
A camera crew catches up with David Brent, the ...
Ranveer Singh (Saif Ali Khan) travels to exotic...
An invisible scientist escapes from an asylum a...
Set in a post-nuclear-holocaust future, this sc...
In this conclusion of the long running series i...
After chomping through the fish population, tho...
For the love of the beautiful Elena the young f...
      A Muslim girl and a Jewish boy fall in love.
A Moroccan-Norwegian co-production about the da...
Director Nabil Ayouch Producer Nabil Ayouch, Pi...
The documentary, from a radical view point, fol...
Boldly original comedian Louis C.K. brings the ...
Vintage tomorrows examines the steampunk moveme...
Rudolph II, the Holy Roman Emperor, does not ha...
All the people in this countryside area, can co...
Andreas and Stefan lead a happy and passionate ...
A documentary that goes behind the scenes with ...
A period musical comedy set in a quiet Prague q...
Jang-woo had only his sister to live for until ...
26 years ago, state troops were ordered to open...
Fifteen-year old John Cleaver is dangerous, and...
Born into Mexico's first family of sports-enter...
Scott Hall tells his life-story, from his rise ...
A brand new live DVD from the brilliant comedia...
             Standup special recorded in Brooklyn.
In 1938 a group of fascists led by the general ...
                                               NaN
Standup special recorded at The Funny Bone in N...
This is comedian/host Attell's uncensored look ...
A Netflix Comedy Special:  Comedian and actor C...
                                No overview found.
                                               NaN
Domenico, a bank robber, and Tommaso, the hosta...
Matteo is a Roman barber. In Roma his activity ...
In the 1950s, a big stir was made by a book (an...
Mario leads a normal life, working in a Milan b...
Two actors leave on a theatrical tour, but ther...
In una fredda sera di novembre, a casa di Marco...
                                               NaN
                                               NaN
                                               NaN
The Pope is disturbed by the fact that today's ...
Four awkward 17-year-olds struggle through thei...
This lively documentary explores the rise and f...
A 40-year old actress (single and strong, yet l...
Aake and his world is a long, lyrical study of ...
                                               NaN
Office executive Knut Levin decides to arrange ...
An innocent and beautiful girl, Linnea rents an...
A few friends builds a sailing boat together. T...
The life and times of the Scandinavian artists'...
A salesman and his son sexually abuse the gener...
A lifeboat floats ashore at the coast of Skåne....
Blackpool, a dancing contest, a dead woman. Thi...
A famous industrialist is murdered at a restaur...
In desperation brought on by near-starvation, H...
                                No overview found.
One day Moomintroll wakes to notice that grey d...
A harsh dose of cinematic realism about a harsh...
Special agent Taube is on the case of a deadly ...
Documentary that follows the lives of two pirat...
A love story of a Moslem freelance journalist a...
One day, Koyomi Araragi encounters the horrifyi...
In the continent of Cruzon, an impending war be...
The inhabitants of the continent of Cruzon are ...
Second Break Blade movie. The narration begins ...
                         Fourth Break Blade Movie.
                          Fifth Break Blade Movie.
Baldr and his men carries Delphine back to the ...
The film takes place one year after the events ...
Jacques et Martine, couple de bourgeois ordinai...
Agathe Clery, a marketing manager for a cosmeti...
For high schooler Kei—and for at least forty-si...
Year 2116—The Japanese government begins to exp...
This Finnish drama film, directed by Tiina Lymi...
This coming of age Dance Film, in the spirit of...
A sci-fi/thriller centered on a high school vio...
Feature documentary exploring the concept of he...
Many people assume that life does not end after...
A married, middle-class London couple are shock...
Abandoned by her mother when she was a child, S...
The legendary Roberto Duran and his equally leg...
Gun Hill is a BET Premiere Cinema original film...
                                               NaN
Rapper/multi-millionaire P. Miller becomes the ...
The Rule of Accident is about a group of theatr...
                                               NaN
Toni, a tomboyish boxer, lands a spot on an aft...
The romantic and coming-of-age misadventures of...
                                               NaN
This drama tells the real-life story of retired...
Two New Orleans detectives become embroiled in ...
Arianna is nineteen, but she's still waiting to...
After eighteen years of marriage, Alice finds h...
A woman embarks on a journey alone across the U...
A film about political ethics and legislative i...
A WW2 deserter holes up on a farm with disastro...
In a contemporary Commons briefing room, a gove...
Wealthy Mrs. Khromova has a natural daughter, M...
Unable to fly the nest due to the economic cris...
Despite cricket fever running wild, there are t...
A bank heist descends into violent chaos when o...
Adaptation of one of Benelux most famous childr...
Lifelong friends stumble back home after high s...
From the mind behind Evangelion comes a hit lar...
Paula is a circus performer married to the alco...
The movie is set in the brig, the walls of whic...
A Special Ops military Force, led by expert sni...
Forced into a deadly cat-and-mouse game, a disg...
The cartoon finds a row of signs saying it's ra...
An elite team of DEA agents are assigned to pro...
While attending college in Cape Town, Melea Mar...
With a cheeky, down-to-earth charm that appeals...
A young boy becomes a target for crooks, after ...
A daring adventurer searches Peruvian jungles f...
A weekend getaway for four couples takes a shar...
A suicidal American befriends a Japanese man lo...
A naïve rookie in the Mexican highway patrol ha...
Albert and David Maysles (Gimme Shelter) direct...
After the fall of Shadaloo, things went quiet a...
                                               NaN
Naples, year 1943, in the middle of World War I...
This was the second of the Russian Winnie the P...
Siblings Kristy and Jeffrey are buying supplies...
XOXO follows six strangers whose lives collide ...
A wedding is supposed to be a joyous occasion, ...
Every camper’s worst nightmare came true at Lak...
Poverty, Inc. explores the hidden side of doing...
A visually stunning documentary that reflects h...
Renata is a young high-class girl and Ulises is...
A young couple moves into a farmhouse in rural ...
High schoolers Mitsuha and Taki are complete st...
Birdboy and his animal friends plan their escap...
                       New Luís Galvão Teles movie
"My Babysitter's a Vampire," a comedic spin on ...
Taiwanese pop sensation Jay Chou, drawing on hi...
On a winter's day, a woman stretches near a win...
In Dan Soder's first hour-long special, he reve...
Aurora dreams about becoming a talented ballet ...
Mickey buys a boat kit, and enlists Goofy and D...
Screwball black comedy about a wacky family tha...
Andy Clark discovers he was cheated out of a ha...
When the police start a crackdown on Yakuza act...
Examines the history and legacy of the photo Gu...
Davy Crockett and his sidekick Georgie compete ...
A powerful laser machine rips the core of the e...
At the Winter Olympics of 1980, after two tense...
When a Priest discovers his wife is deathly ill...
After receiving word about a mysterious carcass...
Story of a young woman's murder and the people ...
                                No overview found.
An unethical merchant moves into town and steal...
A post-apocalyptic thriller set in the ruins of...
Tells the story of the most prominent bank robb...
A young man meets a 23-year-old cancer patient ...
Toni lives with her father, writer Matthew Mart...
After breaking a mirror in his home, superstiti...
When a couple sets out to build their dream hou...
Two phony fortune tellers get mixed up with gyp...
A society sleuth and a lady reporter try to tra...
A cannibal hermit living in the woods preys on ...
By taking her own life in the infamous Suicide ...
Young man, of Portuguese nobility ascendancy, s...
A man performs tricks with an aquarium and a me...
Torchy, Steve, and Gahagan are on the trail of ...
In this comedy, a toothpaste magnate's mischiev...
When a music-hall dancer is murdered, a moss ro...
Perky young Nanette attempts to save the marria...
Antar is sent by Suleiman, head of the Ottoman ...
                                               NaN
A father with a dangerous secret searching for ...
20 years ago, Vesna moved her family to Zagreb,...
A young German woman bonds with an elderly Japa...
'With Love from Truman' portrays an intimate me...
Dhamaal is about four friends; Boman Contractor...
From the onset of the AIDS epidemic, author Lar...
It's 1348. The plague has brutally hit Florence...
A rich and famous singer disguises himself as a...
A cabaret dancer witnesses a murder and is forc...
Pop, a security guard at Paramount has told his...
Jeff grows up near Basin Street in New Orleans,...
Popular songwriter Oliver Courtney has been get...
Tony Marvin is a laid back but incredibly succe...
Crusty Dr. McRory of Fallbridge, Maine, hires h...
After struggling to become a success, Betty Mil...
Show business twin sisters Rosemary and Susie, ...
A war correspondent who was stationed in Paris ...
Jordan Blake (a widower) is a successful Broadw...
Tyler is a young man who is desperately seeking...
Father Conroy (Crosby) has a parish which serve...
A young doctor returns to his New England home ...
The partners are back and are in a tight spot! ...
Voilà dix ans que les chemins de René et de Fra...
Another Russian Pooh story. This time the donke...
Tom invites Toots to an elegant dinner. However...
Chasing Great is an insightful portrayal that w...
A woman tries to mend the broken pieces of her ...
Story of the American Prairie as it was when va...
Part period melodrama, part film noir, part 50s...
A fabulous new adventure in exciting entertainm...
An ambitious painter on the verge of a big brea...
A tale of two hustlers trying to set up a big g...
Vaikundam Soorya Narayana Iyer (Mammootty), a n...
Mahesh, a studio photographer and owner of the ...
In this movie, Max Linder parodies the famous n...
Comedians Jeff Foxworthy and Larry the Cable Gu...
  The story of a dictator of an imaginary country.
In a sicilian town a mysterious death happens: ...
Tommaso Scalia is a man who commits three murde...
A Roman newspaper, directed by Landolfi (Volont...
In the sixteenth century, Spain occupies Flande...
On March 16 1978, the Red Brigade kidnap the Ch...
Originally Actas De Marusia, this Mexican film ...
Fascism has forced the leadership of the Italia...
Wind From the East is a product of Jean-Luc God...
An island has been decimated by a volcanic erup...
The story of the Cervi family. Rural farmers br...
A leftist professor wants the truth about two m...
Political activist Salvatore returns to his nat...
An honest temple priest takes on more than he c...
A con artist poses as a film director in a vill...
Rascals movie is a comedy about the joys of con...
At the end of the worst day in his life, Arun P...
        The 8th installment in the Khiladi series.
A bridegroom is possessed by an unquiet spirit ...
Believing himself to be a jinx and bringing bad...
Comedian Maz Jobrani follows up his bestselling...
A former police officer gets hired by a gangste...
A hot-shot fashion and wildlife photographer Vi...
A brutal home-jacking goes hopelessly wrong. Da...
Mr. Freeze turns Killer Croc and Bane into supe...
A platoon of eagles and vultures attack Hollywo...
A woman who works for a non-governmental organi...
HAUNTED CHANGI synopsis: In January of 2010, a ...
After Nadodikkattu (1987) and Pattana Pravesham...
Ashokan (Mohanlal) goes on a trip to Nepal to m...
After years spent living off the modest wealth ...
In 2029, a cyborg drifter risks his life to pro...
Womanizing advertising executive Aaron tries to...
A man is on his way home when the poorly constr...
"Polikushka" was the only film directed by Alek...
Poor young cobbler Wu Di lives with his mother ...
October, 2008. Young nun Colleen is avoiding al...
A documentary about Eleusina. The past and the ...
The lives of three women intersect in small-tow...
Summer 1962 and Olli Mäki has a shot at the wor...
Clara, a 65-year-old widow and retired music cr...
Patrick McCord doesn't accept the explanation o...
Stocky Greg's passion is football, and he round...
Jerry Mouse gets tired of living the country li...
Caustic comic Denis Leary gets a taste of his o...
Blue collar comedian Jeff Foxworthy is skewered...
Lisa Lampinelli hosts the Comedy Central Roast ...
Time to hassle the Hoff at the rudest, raunchie...
It's Roseanne Barr's turn to step in to the cel...
It's the "Queen of Mean", Joan Rivers turn to s...
An energetic and fast-paced bio-doc that examin...
A story, which takes place in 2013, describes t...
                                               NaN
They are the perfect French haute bourgeois cou...
The fates of Henry - an American correspondent ...
A trio of runaway slaves evade authorities in t...
Senior investment banker Naomi Bishop’s world o...
Tragedy strikes married couple Paul and Lily, w...
Elvis Martini is in deep shit. His dilapidated ...
A personal portrait of mythical and controversi...
Although he is only ten years old, Jack is resp...
When a new family moves to an old house in Amit...
The modern limits of humor in an increasingly o...
Big cat conservationist LARRY BLACK and his fil...
A high school student must hide the fact that h...
Paris 2047. Most of the population spend all th...
After an American tourist steps on a landmine, ...
Sean Reynolds, a highly acclaimed investigative...
Incorporating never before-seen archival footag...
After a series of vivid dreams and faced with a...
An intimate journey through the formative years...
WAFFLE STREET is the true story of Jimmy Adams,...
A sheltered, intelligent college student Doug c...
Orphaned siblings Pari and Chotu embark on a jo...
One day, father makes a shocking decision in a ...
What would you do to save your child? A young t...
When Benjamin Steed and Mary Ann Steed relocate...
"The Work and The Glory: American Zion" sets th...
Joshua Steed returns to Missouri a wealthy man ...
The story of Lehi and his wife Sariah and their...
This documentary explores a vivid and unmatched...
On 28 November 1979, an Air New Zealand jet wit...
CITIZEN SOLDIER is a dramatic feature film, tol...
Heather is a shy lady who works in a helpline c...
Providing the romantic comedy genre with a deci...
Luke and Jonah, two high school sweethearts, sp...
James Colburn was born with Fragile X Syndrome....
                       Directed by Augusto Genina.
Wonder Woman, Supergirl, Batgirl, Harley Quinn,...
A group of young people went on a abandoned hos...
WWII American Army Medic Desmond T. Doss, who s...
In 2013 a psychiatric clinic which served for m...
A large meteor crashes into a quiet town, and p...
With nothing off-limits, David Cross is unapolo...
Au fond de la Veule, imaginaire province frança...
The film is "loosely" based on the 1976-77 Josh...
Zizo, a radical and anarchist poet living in a ...
David, a struggling comedy writer fresh off fro...
        The First Annual 'On Cinema' Oscar Special
An experimental film matching shifting colors w...
‘What do you want?’ asks the trade union leader...
The Kobayashi family finally get the chance to ...
Mitamura Yuka is a normal, shy high school stud...
Four segments by four different Directors. Kiri...
"Tallahatchie Bridge": With those two simple wo...
The Inuit of Belcher Islands struggle to adapt ...
Just one enchanted jewel stands between earth a...
The movie depicts the political crisis that led...
Scholars debate whether the Star of Bethlehem i...
Two car manufacturers spy on each other to try ...
Set against the turbulent atmosphere of the 196...
Behind the walls of a forbidden city, the only ...
Tajima is a private detective in charge of his ...
After his business goes bankrupt, 30 something ...
Öznur is a young and beautiful woman. She has h...
                                               NaN
After a terrible car accident, Sedat will do an...
A man takes over a TV station and holds a numbe...
Bill Williamson is back, alive and well and doi...
Three friends are in the entrance of a luxury h...
Five passengers - the Bandit, his friend Matvei...
Saint Tropez. Julie Wormser and her lover, writ...
Starting in late May 1944, during the German re...
World War II finally reaches a Yugoslavian lake...
While looking for paradise, a cab driver sudden...
A photojournalist deported from a war zone in A...
After young Marty Peterson rescued Shiloh from ...
A 'dramatic work' from Vernon Chatman (Wondersh...
Gringuito tells the story of Ivan, a kid whose ...
Disney's retelling of the legend of John Henry,...
A cat, Lorenzo, is dismayed to discover that hi...
Goofy tries to set up his new home theater in t...
Amidst an old London clock shop, a small, quirk...
A businessman is leaving for his family vacatio...
A documentary film about the life of Star Trek'...
Los Punks: We Are All We Have is an intimate do...
Toro (Spanish for "Bull") is a young con man an...
Through five stories, the movie addresses sex a...
Pao Lung-Sing, a descendant of the famous Judge...
Eight close friends soak up their last day of s...
  Humphrey Bogart documentary narrated by his son.
Two Americans deliberately head to the edge of ...
Anchored by an outstanding turn by Asian Film A...
Brian is a private school student who routinely...
I am aged 7, I fear for my life. I run to a con...
The quirky, overambitious pianist Andi (33) and...
Two brothers find themselves lost in a mysterio...
Doctor Bamford has had enough of village life a...
A girl, who lives together with her cousin who ...
Ex-confederate officer Clay Fletcher jumps at t...
Joe Smith is an ordinary American family man wh...
The story of identicial twin brothers -- one lo...
Two young Spanish men, with a university educat...
Take Me to the River is a film about the soul o...
Tammy leaves the river in Mississippi to attend...
Biff Jones is a driver/salesman for the Good Hu...
John Ireland stars in this thriller as a man wh...
Sarah is loud, non-conform, rude, honest and pr...
This rarely seen gem from master Suzuki casts t...
In a ghetto where religion and drug trafficking...
The harrowing true story of the crew of the USS...
Anna’s story takes place on Åland Island in 166...
Francesca, an incredibly beautiful woman, after...
In 2011 Portugal began the so-called "year of t...
A small TV crew make their way into the most ha...
On December 19th, 1983, the dream was taken awa...
An ostrich is trying to learn how to fly in a d...
A woman continuously solves crossword puzzles e...
Shy, a small-town butch with a nagging messiah ...
19-year-old Billy Lynn is brought home for a vi...
A story of five Finnish youth growing up during...
Students on a camping trip discover something s...
For three US Border Patrol agents, the contents...
Aspiring New York City artist, John Hollar retu...
'Olmo and the Seagull' is a poetic and existent...
Away from home, living alone in an old and gloo...
An intimate portrait of Anton Corbijn as he tra...
The band stormed Europe in 1963, and, in 1964, ...
Eric and Kurt Sloane are the descendants of a w...
Denice has starred in hundreds of porn films. F...
Set during the last days of the Ottoman Empire,...
Asako, a former telephone operator once heard t...
The story of Richard and Mildred Loving, an int...
A futuristic drama about five survivors trying ...
       The Second Annual 'On Cinema' Oscar Special
A comedy focused on a teacher who chaperones a ...
When Norman (Scott Coppola), an aspiring actor,...
Tommy was born and raised on a rocky, drought-r...
Christine is an ambitious 29-year-old news repo...
A short film documenting what was referred to a...
                  Explores our perception of time.
Launched in 1982 by three friends in a Houston ...
               ROB ZOMBIE'S  S P O O K  H A U S 31
It's Rob Lowe's turn to step in to the celebrit...
Two old friends living in a dystopic future bec...
A 15-year-old girl decides to bring her two pas...
Americans consume 75% of the world’s prescripti...
At home at her Virginia farm, photographer Sall...
When a group of college students take part in a...
Scamper is a little penguin who loves wandering...
Eveready Horton and his behemoth penis venture ...
A group of travellers go into a house for prote...
Dono, Kasino and Indro return to action in the ...
SWAMP DEVIL is the story of young Melanie Blaim...
Produced by Turkey's biggest animation studio, ...
A collection of deleted scenes from David Lynch...
A rumbunctious and ribald tale of a troupe of t...
                                               NaN
When Max, a young poet hires a marketing compan...
Four prisoners, in convicts' stripes, march bac...
In a decaying castle surrounded by a dank, mirr...
Capturing life on the Italian island of Lampedu...
The lives of a wealthy married couple radically...
Life Is a Trumpet has a loose jazz musician as ...
Following the death of their friend, two girls ...
The story of nine-year old Maria and her father...
In the depths of a snowy forest in an unknown w...
Set 15 years after "Twentieth Century Boys," Ka...
The final showdown, and the final reveal: who i...
Sunset Boulevard is a lucrative place to work f...
A portrait of a small-town that is the unlikely...
Adrien is a young pianist prodigy. He collapsed...
Eduardo discovers he has a split personality: a...
Daisy-Head Mayzie wakes up one morning to find ...
In this story, Horton discovers there is a micr...
Horton the elephant agrees to watch over lazy M...
Young and in prison for theft, Daphne falls in ...
Lorenzo, Blue and Antonio have a lot in common:...
Giulia’s is a poised world, made of rigour and ...
An extremely mannered and increasingly preposte...
                                               NaN
A G8 meeting is being held at a luxury hotel on...
Panti Bliss is many things: part glamorous aunt...
A psychiatrist (Robert Ayres) treats a young wo...
Chantal Akerman meets with elderly Jewish women...
A bizarre film, a dark gem of religious symboli...
The godmother and Perla are the world to "the l...
Jan Balej's animated film Night In A City / Jed...
The names of the characters are pronouns. She i...
Lonely son of a Canadian preacher man Michael b...
A group of former classmates gather for a pre-p...
When Davis Green's (Joseph Cross) alluring youn...
Combining archival footage with rotoscopic anim...
A life documentary of a woman who was shunned f...
An adaptation of Milena Agus' eponymous novel s...
A 3000 mile race from San Francisco to Miami th...
The story follows a group of people who are kid...
                                               NaN
Olaf and his mother run a boarding house and a ...
A man who loves to travel, travels to an island...
                                               NaN
Tom is golfing, but the ball keeps jumping out ...
Mei Li is a 30 year old woman who has one bad h...
Jeab hears that his childhood sweetheart Noi-Na...
A hard-worker freelancer who falls in love with...
Mike Regan is a successful, self-made crook who...
Twenty-three year old, Thomas Finley was arrest...
In the town of Cutter, most people keep to them...
This documentary was shown as part of the Ameri...
Théo and Hugo meet in a sex club, recognize eac...
Agent Zero (Miki Sugimoto) is a cop that uses h...
Four characters living in one neighborhood in L...
In 1939 Hortense, illegitimate but intelligent ...
The story of the late jazz musician and classic...
Twins separated at birth, Camryn and Alex meet ...
Ten years ago, Andrew married his childhood swe...
A student who starts working the night shift at...
Dostoevsky’s latter-day opus about the siblings...
El Jeremías is a heartwarming comedy film about...
Follows the journey of sisters who are believed...
A boy imagines a monster that helps him deal wi...
The film follows a young man who hits rock bott...
Taking place after alien crafts land around the...
Villagers are afraid of Samurai Rauni Reposaare...
Aliens in human disguise commandeer a rural air...
An astronaut doctor Ivan Hood and his fellow as...
During a long night of August, some people have...
Artist and life-long nerd Johannes Grenzfurthne...
Chinatown Fair opened as a penny arcadeon Mott ...
Haunted by the memory of her deceased mother, D...
Olga is a complex young woman desperate to brea...
Really Rosie is a musical with a book and lyric...
Storks deliver babies…or at least they used to....
A space expedition to Uranus is menaced by a gi...
Ryota is an unpopular writer although he won a ...
It's a timeless classic of children's literatur...
A group of men go under-ice fishing, but find t...
An "average" postal worker is informed by a tin...
As the world succumbs to a zombie apocalypse, C...
Drugdealer wants get out of the circle with his...
The House of Suh” tells the story of Andrew and...
Mr. Naser Izadi and Mrs. Izadi were invited to ...
The story is about the young soldiers who haras...
Six children genetically cross-bred with avian ...
François Gautier is stingy! Saving puts the joy...
When a money mule has a fatal heart attack at a...
Auschwitz is a hard-hitting war film which show...
The film is pretty much a "by the numbers" thri...
Back from a professional trip to Paris, a neuro...
Roman returns to the land near the Ukrainian bo...
Poongsan has the unenviable - and death-defying...
"Party Crashers" chronicles the amusing encount...
Alice owns a network of sex shops and workaholi...
An anonymous hacker has hacked all of Paris' ca...
                                               NaN
                                               NaN
In his award-winning debut feature film, direct...
A cruel twist of fate catapults small time croo...
A human look on the life of one of the biggest ...
After receiving a patch, a blender gains consci...
Horace and Pete (stylized as Horace and Pete's ...
A documentary film about three cases of rape, t...
The Disciple is set in the summer of 1939, when...
The standup sensation tackle's TV's "Shark Tank...
Inspector Richard Kemp never got around to putt...
While she fights a heroic battle against the Sp...
Agent Jesus Juarez (aka Chucho) has always play...
Jimmy Grimble is a shy Manchester school boy. A...
Once a vibrant part of American culture, drive-...
A portrait of Alejandro Jodorowsky’s young adul...
A man, who once dreamed of becoming a punk rock...
When El Mono dies, his three longtime friends t...
Akiko, a young woman, comes to Vladivostok to m...
Jean-Paul Belmondo plays Paul, a former womaniz...
An old woman flies past six floors after jumpin...
Noboru Tanaka returned to direct the third of N...
A documentary about people who are homeless and...
One of a gang of karaoke loving middle aged wom...
A hotshot, teenage car racer persuades the clas...
Pedro Ruiz is a Dominican real estate broker by...
This documentary traces the life and work of th...
Doctor Palmer, a former pathologist, wrote a fi...
A man is under the illusion he is a wanted war ...
A street artist (Charles Lane) rescues a baby g...
Strange things are happening in Riverdale, Illi...
An alcoholic actress, her personal assistant, a...
In World War II France, American soldier Michae...
Broad satire and buffoonery presented as a seri...
Gamers enter virtual reality video game contest...
A scientist and a teacher living in a dystopian...
After refusing big and prestigious awards all o...
The TV series and the film were loosely based o...
A reporter unearths an urban legend about a hom...
Maggie is an uptight, single mother and college...
Lee Shan and Ayo are ex-Interpol agents who are...
A teenage girl comes to terms with the unexplai...
A serial killer strikes in post-war France and ...
Wu-Lin is the successor of an ancient, once pow...
Hideo Suzuki is a 35-year-old mangaka assistant...
A railroad worker in China in 1941 leads a team...
A shady cop finds himself in over his head when...
Dora (Ryo Ryusei) and associates runs a badger ...
Struggling manga author Satoru Fujinuma is bese...
During the warlords era in China, a village loc...
The details of undercover police officers are d...
After his mother’s death, Zucchini is befriende...
Some elite troops from South Korea trying to so...
Fan Kwok Sang's schizophrenic breakdown led to ...
Recently widowed and retired geologist Guan Zhi...
Bloodthirsty factions rule the barren earth. It...
Circus owner Matt Masters is beset by disasters...
A woman named Justine is (willingly) used and a...
A teenage girl, distraught from her vain attemp...
Man leaves the country and heads for the big ci...
Following both the death of her father-in-law a...
Freaky Ali is an upcoming 2016 Indian sports ro...
This movie is about a rocket pilot named Pirx w...
Interstellar expedition equipped by "pioneers"(...
This documentary about serial killers and FBI B...
A Russian engineer Petr Garin possesses a uniqu...
Two outsiders travel around the countryside dur...
A vicious gang of crooks plan to steal the wage...
Kohei Takahara, an astronaut who dies in the li...
Story about 3 childhood friends who found each ...
Roger, son of a farmer, wants to be a boxer, an...
Following folk musician Joan Baez on her extens...
1888: a luthier, Vedder, has to step aside when...
A young Lakota Sioux, adopted by a wealthy Jewi...
Ellie is a 27-year old whose life is far from w...
Jasper has arrived in Delhi to begin a tour of ...
To Rock or Stock? That is the question. Sneaker...
A city PR girl goes on the run accused of leaki...
Based on a screenplay by the prolific Kim Ki-du...
HAN Dae-huei, a public official in charge of re...
Simple, sweet-natured farmhand Seok-Jung (Hwang...
Director Yim Pil-Sung travels to Bali to shoot ...
Young Jinhee is taken by her father to an orpha...
The story of what happened to Neal Cassady afte...
A young American couple in love, Michael and Ol...
An account of serial killer Richard Ramírez and...
When an exotic dancer is murdered at a seedy st...
                                               NaN
This gripping, atmospheric documentary recounts...
West Philadelphia basketball star Sergio Taylor...
A 21-year-old reformed gangster's devotion to h...
All Eyez on Me chronicles the life and legacy o...
When Laura and Christine meet Maria, their frie...
Filmed over five and a half years, ALL THE DIFF...
Milou is a football addict. His life is dedicat...
                                               NaN
A funny story about two brothers, Pietro and Fr...
Lukewarm wedding acquires a new meaning when th...
                                               NaN
                                               NaN
After the FBI receives a threat that endangers ...
Saloon entertainer Vermilion O'Toole and her fo...
A beautiful Austrian refugee in England--who is...
Time Raiders is based on the online novel serie...
Preparing for the hand-to-hand battle of his li...
On the eve of her Japanese wedding, Hitomi (Tak...
Set against the backdrop of an international fi...
                                               NaN
Packed off to a foster home after her father is...
                                               NaN
Daniel SS is a maladjusted man whom, after a fa...
Examines the sea horse, the only fish that swim...
We begin on planet Earth, with a demonstration ...
The strange story of John McAfee, who went from...
A thief gets a job at a school in order to retr...
When his hard-earned kicks get snatched by a lo...
In 1967, four undercover CIA agents were sent t...
Tim Heidecker and Gregg Turkington proudly upho...
A drive-by shooting in Venice, California, chan...
A prison riot breaks out at the moment of a ser...
Betty takes a secretarial job where the boss se...
Residents of peaceful Pebbles Court, Homesville...
Mrs. Lotty Wilkins is an unhappily wife whom's ...
The lives of three Parisians - a color-blind pa...
This Internet is under attack. Communications, ...
Gaby, Fer's mother and Silvia, Diego's mother, ...
Koko is recruiting customers for a 50 cent sigh...
It seemed perfect - a new house, a new marriage...
Returning to Saint Petersburg after a long exil...
                                               NaN
A woman hires actors and strangers to pretend t...
Theo is living the good life in an upscale Braz...
Lifelong friends Kate (Mamrie Hart), Evie (Grac...
The tentative romance between a gentle Madrid l...
Zhigen, an old Chinese farmer, has lived alone ...
Between the years 1950-51 close to 130 thousand...
No other band in rock'n'roll history has rivale...
In a bold and original approach to memory, this...
A poor miller gets tricked by the Devil and acc...
What started as a drama about a Russian police ...
MURDEROUS TALES is a special effect animated fe...
An exemplary officer worker and head of his fam...
The life of quiet teenager Vanya suddenly chang...
Internationally Sweden is seen as a perfect soc...
A man sends secret admirer e-mails to his crush...
                                               NaN
                                               NaN
Novák cannot sleep. Not to disturb his girlfrie...
Universally accepted as a true icon of the 20th...
Unrest breaks out in eastern Helsinki as a Finn...
A comedy about three military band reservists w...
Lo Sound Desert is a documentary about the Cali...
Guy is an experienced British fighter pilot who...
THE DWARVENAUT gives viewers a glimpse into the...
1984. One shiny quarter. 44.5 hours of continuo...
Cempaka, a respected warrior and highly respect...
The film follows Justice's March 2008 North Ame...
Two young men plot to escape a dystopian future...
Katelin Kingsford, an Olympic hopeful figure sk...
A woman falls in love with a man who is somewha...
Quirky meteorologist Deb spends most of her tim...
Two strangers who both happen to be in marketin...
Jenny McLean is a single mom working at a 911-c...
The POstables are on a mission to deliver a sol...
The Postables work against the clock decoding a...
The Postables, Oliver, Shane, Rita and Norman, ...
Bakery owner Hannah Swensen just can't keep her...
Best friends Galleria, Chanel, Dorinda, and Aqu...
Set high atop snow-capped mountains in the adre...
Dive in and rock out with the hottest surf sequ...
Appraiser Rachel (Lindsey Shaw) receives the ne...
The beloved POstables discover a 200-year-old v...
A four-member teen girl group named the Cheetah...
In Mansfield Park, poverty-stricken Fanny Price...
The Russo family and friends are headed to Tusc...
A successful wedding planner is trying to make ...
When a prince, and heir to the throne, finds hi...
Lead postal detective Oliver (Eric Mabius) and ...
Celebrating 40 years since it first opened in L...
When three normal teenage girls stumble upon a ...
Set 10 years later, the Phantom has escaped fro...
Katherine, a high-powered executive who believe...
Mina has everything going for her, but her worl...
When an engaged couple can’t agree on anything,...
When a boy’s video to a female star goes viral,...
Dr. Kate Lawrence, a celebrity relationship exp...
London stage reproduction of the classic Broadw...
Will a mysterious stranger's past wreak havoc o...
Sherwood forest has a courageous new hero - Gwy...
A young Amish woman, who isn't satisfied with h...
Kennedy Blaine, a Californian girl, inherits a ...
Danny Says is a documentary unveiling the amazi...
With a duty to deliver every last letter before...
Two sisters of opposing temperaments find love ...
When Jeff plans to marry again, his triplet dau...
Peter's in deep with the mafia. Just as he is a...
Hoping to catch a burglar, a cop (Cameron Mathi...
Annie is back! Along with her friends Molly, Ha...
Despite agreeing to an arranged marriage to a c...
As a little girl, Melanie Hogan (Lacey Chabert)...
"Signed, Sealed, Delivered" introduces a dedica...
16-year-old Kelly quits an elite gymnastics pro...
Oliver's (Eric Mabius) Divine Delivery Theory i...
Young spy Harriet Welsch crosses paths with pop...
"She Made Them Do It" follows the twisted life ...
Self-made chemist Sean, a recluse living in an ...
After living a miserable life with her aunt, or...
              Adaptation of the Jane Austen novel.
Jack Willis is a handsome roadtrain driver with...
A wealthy boy hires a poor child to carry him a...
A bodyguard must go undercover to protect, a ty...
Sequel to the 2003 dance movie Honey. Recently ...
              Adaptation of the Jane Austen novel.
A woman discovers that severe catastrophic even...
Do Not Resist is an exploration of the rapid mi...
China, the early 1930's: martial arts master We...
A serial killer is preying on the rich and infl...
A black comedy about a farmer who tries to brin...
Tharlo is an orphan. Now grown up, he makes a l...
With The Cookie Jar, Hannah Swensen has a mouth...
Christmas comes to Heartland, along with an ano...
The curiously named, Moondance Alexander is a s...
Flicka and Toby help out a struggling stable ow...
A story about two girls, CJ and Hanna. CJ lives...
Komedie O rodičích a dětech chce navázat na nej...
The Deputy Marshall tracks down an escaped conv...
When a lawyer loses an appeal to stop a logging...
Pre-American Revolution Virginian girl whose lo...
A fourth grader and her friends deal with bully...
Kindhearted Samantha Parkington's world starts ...
Someone's trying to make the students sick at t...
The tale of two orphan twins with special power...
Isabelle is an inspired dancer, but when her si...
Molly is a girl living in the year 1944 and WWI...
Made for TV movie and third Witch Mountain inst...
The Caldwells take a family trip to Puerto Rico...
A contemporary musical version of the classic C...
                                               NaN
The film is based on the popular Dutch children...
Januari 1963. Ondanks het barre weer besluit he...
Unicom is a powerful organization overseeing mo...
A couple hires a professional digger (undergrou...
When eighteen-year-old Pasha rescues a beautifu...
The story follows a ten-year-old girl who teams...
City of God – 10 Years Later investigates what ...
You Are Umasou adapts Tatsuya Miyanishi's popul...
The author Thomas meets his childhood friend Ho...
Meeting by chance when they return to their tin...
Death does not select, man does. Set in Budapes...
A post-modern theater adaptation of a classic G...
A celebration of the universe, displaying the w...
The only thing that is working in Cassie's worl...
Mia, an aspiring actress, serves lattes to movi...
A Navajo shaman is the prime suspect in a murde...
Officers Leaphorn and Chee search for a missing...
An in-depth look at the prison system in the Un...
                                               NaN
A cheerful parking attendant considers it his j...
Tom is all set to eat Jerry when a hawk swoops ...
A teenage girl has problems with her family and...
Mater's decision to fly lands him accidentally ...
Irish Commandant Pat Quinlan leads a stand off ...
An unscrupulous debt collector who is a promine...
Set in the beautiful high Pyrenees in south-wes...
30-year old Kertu has lived under her father's ...
A small town loner and a rebellious punk rocker...
The short tells the story of a boy who rather s...
Victoria returns to Nigeria from the UK to help...
Roger, a straight-laced politician has big plan...
Sylvia has turned a blind eye for too long to h...
Forced out of their apartment due to dangerous ...
When Joko, Ants and Reeda, all in their own goo...
Daily, Rika Umezawa battles a nagging sense of ...
Adopt A Sailor is about Patricia and Richard, a...
In this upbeat musical, Barbie stars as Princes...
Barbie and her best friends Teresa and Renee tr...
Kick the Moon is about two high school students...
At a rundown bus station in rural Cuba, the lin...
New York attorney Libby (Juliette Lewis) is a g...
When master monster make-up man Pete Dumond is ...
Once again Paula ape woman is brought back to l...
3 men from a provincial town who are in an urge...
Love Building is a comedy about a camp designed...
Elmer Jackson is a carpenter in a small Califor...
In 1942, an intelligence officer in North Afric...
A mother and her 10-year old daughter are trapp...
A Hollywood agent finds himself in debt to a po...
                                No overview found.
Stanley and Oliver are adopted by a runaway goa...
Cyril and Fiona are a long-married couple who t...
A prison trustee rescues a despondent execution...
In a high stakes world where a single broken fe...
A crusty old General leads his dotty family on ...
Louise thought she’d met the man of her dreams....
Two sisters fall in love with the same man. Aft...
A newly married WREN, presumed drowned when her...
Brothers Mike and Jody join family friend Reggi...
Tommy (Darius McCrary) is a troubled young man ...
Roger Corman's post-holocaust quickie about an ...
Snooty heiress decides to track down her dead s...
When Frankie Baldwin and Nate Deluca both have ...
A framed bank clerk breaks jail and is sheltere...
A couple going through a divorce squabble over ...
Seneca’s Day is set in the year 1989, the final...
Darwin's great insight – that life has evolved ...
An aimless college graduate drives a taxi while...
Charlene Choi plays Yee, a beautiful young girl...
Ryoichi and Chikako, brother and sister, live t...
Chronicles the sport's signature people, places...
A recent college graduate decides to sell marij...
Encarna, a thirtysomething girl of Móstoles (Ma...
A 14-year old boy’s life changes forever when h...
Influenced by the worldwide success of Italian ...
The sensational follow-up to "London in the Raw...
On the windswept Suffolk mudflats creaks a bird...
A law student becomes an outlaw French revoluti...
Adam West and Burt Ward returns to their iconic...
In the menacing inferno of the old American Wes...
An intimate portrait of a group of very differe...
A mother/daughter pair of witches descend on a ...
A widowed theatre director moves to a small Con...
After waking up in a hospital with amnesia, pro...
An ordinary suburban couple finds it’s not easy...
In 1965 Los Angeles, a widowed mother and her t...
Having subdued the Goths, warrior Titus Androni...
Camila is in her mid-twenties and her life has ...
In Porto Alegre, the unemployed Ciro has a dull...
Love for the same woman causes conflict between...
Sixteen years after his documentary When Louis ...
Eager contestants don big heads and furry suits...
A romantic comedy set in the world of battle re...
During the turbulent 1960s, an American family ...
The film centers on Dr. Marcus, a renowned psyc...
Djata is a care-free 12-year-old growing up in ...
A husband (Isao Hashizume) and wife (Kazuko Yos...
A young, incredibly talented chef quits the pro...
"Le Grand Chef 2" begins with the Korean presid...
Cuatro ambiciosas y hermosas jóvenes de cuatro ...
Everything changes for Eva when she receives an...
Lovable and friendly, the trolls love to play a...
Known for his spectacular pyrotechnic displays,...
45365 explores the congruities of daily life in...
For generations, all that distinguished Eagle P...
Melody, Marci, and Mickey are three geeky colle...
Superman wants Batman to join his new superhero...
The comic comes home to Toronto to sound off on...
Highly symbolic and allegorical, this drama tak...
“My new feature length documentary Breadcrumb T...
A hitchhiking woman is abducted by a young coup...
In 1982, three 11 year-olds in Mississippi set ...
Clay, Michael and Andrew are fascinated by a ye...
Dan Ballard, a respected citizen in the western...
In 2005, 20-year-old Ryan Ferguson was convicte...
When a father and son are forced to squat in an...
Hidden in the Woods tells the story of two sist...
On a March night in 1964, 37 neighbors in Queen...
The movie, based on a story by Yuri Nagibin, de...
When a young woman unexpectedly arrives at an o...
Lorie Brindel works at an insurance company and...
A movie company is filming a murder mystery on ...
Lovely and resourceful Daria and Tisa escape a ...
In the future, a warrior nun on roller skates m...
Molly, former baby prostitute "Angel" from Suns...
A man seeks revenge after a biker gang murders ...
Tanya is a female model who lives with her boyf...
The story of a pair of Australian pilots workin...
                                No overview found.
While on a fishing trip, Shao Lung's father is ...
The wives of three wealthy men are kidnapped an...
Two teenage friends conspire to find out how mu...
Things go horribly wrong when Catherine and Reb...
A drama between people under unconventional cir...
A father and his two teenage sons travel to a s...
When a teenage girl is miraculously saved by a ...
                                       No Overview
The adventures of teenager Max McGrath and alie...
So you think you know the real story behind San...
Marc Châtaigne, an intern at the Ministry of St...
A bodyguard of a top politician is so dedicated...
A man who returns home to find his wife cheatin...
The film is a study of Anton Szandor LaVey, lea...
Filmmaker Fritz Lang seeks inspiration for his ...
Winter Days is a 2003 animated film, directed b...
Joe, a programmer and obsessive self-quantifier...
A 20 year old man takes a bus full of young chi...
From award-winning director Mat Whitecross and ...
An eccentric scientist helps a fugitive from th...
Louis XI of France drafts Paris's popular "king...
A collection of 4 Poe stories narrated by Vince...
Excessive drug use during the '60s and '70s led...
This is not actually a concert film, but a comp...
The Strange Case of Alice Cooper is a must watc...
El ángel de Budapest (Angel of Budapest) is a S...
Shanti Andía puts together the fragments of a d...
During the height of summer, Caroline, a forty-...
Based on the book by Megan Shull, The Swap foll...
In Center Stage: On Pointe, Jonathan Reeves (Ga...
Two separate stories mesh - in the first, a you...
With the holidays approaching, a young party pl...
Competing bakery owners, Faye McKenzie and Lydi...
Cheri Jamison rallies the residents of her belo...
Forest City depends entirely on the Aikens Chri...
Two young women do their best to try and save t...
When down-to-earth Alex says yes to her boyfrie...
Aimie Roarke is always up for a cause and when ...
San Francisco homicide detective Maggie Price a...
They say the cobbler's children go barefoot, bu...
When big-city TV journalist Kelly Faraday (Laur...
Jessica Darling – a smart, witty, opinionated g...
After getting his heart broken by his childhood...
Famed culinary consultant Henry Ross is a charm...
When Henry is invited as a guest speaker at a l...
              Adaptation of the Jane Austen novel.
A young lady who has grown up with her father b...
Written by Roel Mondelaers and Hans Van Nuffel,...
                                               NaN
On a trip to Big Sur, two friends, both actress...
Until the late 1970s, the Pakistani city of Lah...
A high school senior must choose between enroll...
Acclaimed writer and historian Deborah E. Lipst...
Aaron, Vinny and Cooper are dead broke and read...
A straitlaced, square couple, seeking shelter f...
PAD YATRA: A Green Odyssey is the adventure of ...
Jack Reacher must uncover the truth behind a ma...
A psychosexual noir love story, set in Las Vega...
Hamilton's America delves deeper into the creat...
The story of a drifter named Paul who arrives i...
In the course of a seance meant to contact her ...
The story of a day in the life of a lonely, sen...
                                               NaN
Hiroya Munakata (Sho Aikawa) is the leader of t...
A small town teenager in the 1960s believes her...
Lowly theme park mechanic Sam dreams about his ...
Showgirl Joan Blondell, supported by her friend...
Two professional con artist sisters go on the r...
Six friends go to party for a week during the "...
Sven (15) will be director and has been busy fi...
                                               NaN
                                               NaN
A young girl yearns to be like every other teen...
Poor Ella Cinders is much abused by her evil st...
Carrie Bishop (Booth) lives for her successful ...
Emily (Faith Ford) misses her daughter Heather ...
A look at the classic "Cinderella" story from t...
A fairy godmother magically turns Cinderella's ...
Into the Woods takes the stories of the Brother...
This is another variation of the Cinderella sto...
Grace is a dancer who comes out of a huge cake ...
                                               NaN
Fantastic story of the first half of the XIX ce...
In late 1997, Anu Singh, an attractive law stud...
KAFKA'S THE BURROW tells the story of a man's "...
A weathered Sheriff returns to the remains of a...
                                               NaN
Four very different people live in the same bui...
Basia and Marek have been on the run their whol...
A feminist filmmaker follows the Men's Rights M...
After her husband is gunned down, Rose Hood tak...
14-year-old Lulu moves to a small provincial to...
Set in postwar America, a man watches his seemi...
Killjoy, the demon of vengeance, trickster god ...
Gambler Arnold Rothstein (David Janssen) marrie...
By the start of World War II, Paul Robeson had ...
Mary Scott learns she only has ten months to li...
When a free-spirited sailor is found murdered, ...
In this drama, an ex-vaudevillian dancer opens ...
During WW II, a young German woman is separated...
This documentary, filmed entirely by military p...
In a return to the groundbreaking original film...
Unleashing his inquisitive, intense comedic sty...
Aram is a wearied accountant with an unbearably...
Horror junkie Joe Foster gets to live out his u...
This hand drawn animated film, based on the awa...
Werner Herzog and volcanologist Clive Oppenheim...
Some 200 women defiantly cling to their ancestr...
Alejandro Toledo comes out of his retirement fr...
Nick's plan to let fate bring his wife to him m...
After three years, Nick's estranged daughter Ho...
A ne'er do well father and ex-husband who alway...
A unique friendship develops when a little girl...
A man dying of cancer installs a series of came...
In the future, Mars has been colonized. A marti...
What was suppose to be summer school in England...
girl to provide them with a "sibaji," a contrac...
This compelling doc chronicles the dedication o...
After being the sole unfortunate witness to a d...
Sotiris is a police investigator in Athens who ...
A look at how climate change affects our enviro...
                                No overview found.
A reporter investigating the bizarre death of a...
At an airport, the Emerald Archer must protect ...
Jennifer, an Australian girl on the run from he...
Oscar-winner Michael Moore dives right into hos...
Seo-hee, Nam-hee and Lan. These three girls hap...
Linda Kasabian falls prey to the hypnotic charm...
1975, Swiss Alps: In a remote mountain village,...
A documentary that examines the April 2010 oil ...
After his older brother passes away, Lee Chandl...
A five-year-old Indian boy gets lost on the str...
When his girlfriend goes missing, David must tr...
A young Korean-American man works to reconcile ...
A masseur whose son  is a student in Germany le...
The movie is about dictatorships in Greece – fi...
A wild tale of mistaken identity set during the...
Undercover cop takes to find and restore a rich...
Thanasis Vengos plays a poor young man that com...
Two men went searching for ghosts, but they fou...
Over 80 years after her death, Marie Curie rema...
Ken Murray - The Man Who Makes Movies of People...
It's 1943 and World War II is raging in Europe....
A zealous, handsome priest, who is the confesso...
In New Zealand in the 1860s the native Maori pe...
Chinese narco-cops take their mission to the Go...
Benoit turns 13 and develops an intense crush o...
A group of cave explorers are confronted in an ...
A young Mexican boy tirelessly tries to save hi...
         Film starring Yash, Amoolya and Anant Nag
In May 2003, the Japan Aerospace Exploration Ag...
May 9, 2003 - The Japan Aerospace Exploration A...
A young nurse takes care of elderly author who ...
Father and son coroners receive a mysterious un...
Jacqueline has lost her mind a bit, but whateve...
Laxminarayan Kapoor lives a wealthy lifestyle i...
Kajraare is a Bollywood film, released on Octob...
When bike courier Chris witnesses what looks li...
Chronicles Whitney Houston's rise to fame and t...
From Texas to the Vatican, Satan Lives meets wi...
In this concert film, Bill Cosby muses on his n...
Max leads a good life with Alice and their son ...
Criminals with rocket powered car loot and exto...
Ali Osman is a former bully of city of Istanbul...
A long story that started and ended at the stat...
In a post-apocalyptic future where population c...
After completing his voyages Sindbad the Sailor...
Discover what Thor was up to during the events ...
A creative and driven teenager is desperate to ...
On Manhattan's gilded Upper East Side, a young ...
Fueled by cheap whiskey, greed and hatred, Will...
A thriller centered around a widower who moves ...
A freshman on campus discovers that the only wa...
Sons and daughters of international billionaire...
A  lyrical documentary that follows three adole...
A Hong Kong taxi driver suffers after being cur...
"The Guest" follows Ryoo Seung-ryong's characte...
A young American soldier, with an honorable dis...
This is a coming-of-age story of a boy living i...
A grief stricken captain embarks on his final m...
A sex therapist goes through puberty after the ...
On-ice enforcers struggle to rise through the p...
It is the late 1950s. Flourishing under the eco...
H. is a modern interpretation of a classic Gree...
Irishwoman Mary Reynold's journey from rank out...
Evan, Johnny, and Irwin are best friends since ...
A dysfunctional family gathers together for the...
Dutch immigrant, Harry deLeyer, journeyed to th...
A tribute of Howard Hawks by the British Film I...
After a 20 year absence, drifter, George Walker...
Documentary on a recovering crack addict and he...
Drawing from 40 years' worth of film footage an...
Distressed over his teenaged son's addiction to...
After their failed attempt to take over the Fed...
Can you really get away with murder? Welcome to...
In a traditional tribal society in the South Pa...
Los Angeles might be the corporate music capita...
                      Shot of the flight of a fly.
This early cinematic instance of a close-up—or,...
         A sequel to the smash hit Reunion (2015).
In 2040, a generation of Torontonians have grow...
Ayan falls in love with his soulmate, Alizeh, b...
When Sophie's son, Garrett, develops a mysterio...
Set in a world of only two dimensions inhabited...
The portrait of Eldridge Cleaver, the "Minister...
A figure skater is injured during a competition...
When a super girly-girl is dumped by her boyfri...
When unsuccessful actress Clarissa returns to h...
When compulsive gambler Sir Giles Staverley has...
A chance meeting between British nobleman and l...
Forced to baby-sit with her college nemesis, a ...
A group of college students stay at school over...
When he refused to support power-hungry witch, ...
The story of the famous battle between the Scot...
The Japanese attack on Midway in June 1942, fil...
Fender is a lowly clerk in the warehouse of clo...
Follows the inner transformation of a man who t...
Up-and-coming sports shoe entrepreneur Steve, w...
A passionate communist worker is discouraged by...
The story focuses on Valeria (Charlotte Vega), ...
Adam Lemp and his four daughters (Ann, Thea, Ka...
Goin' to Town is the story of an ambitious woma...
The true story of the formation of the Lonesome...
Internationally known director Carla Garapedian...
The Cheaters (1945) also known as The Castaway,...
Bob Letellier, a good looking rich kid who stud...
Two inseparable sister's visit to a remote mine...
Sheriff Halliday doesn't approve of his childre...
When You're in Love is a 1937 musical film star...
Three women start a lunch wagon business but ru...
Recently escaped from reformatory, Reinaldo str...
Roastmaster General Jeff Ross talks to Black Li...
Vitaly Mansky’s intimate and insightful new doc...
Over the course of one year, this film follows ...
The Way We Live Now is a 2001 four-part televis...
An inspiring documentary chronicling the rise, ...
A documentary filmmaker interviews the now-famo...
                                No overview found.
Follow actress Kate Lyn Sheil as she prepares f...
What does it mean to be awake in a world that s...
Capturing the story of WikiLeaks founder Julian...
25 years after Paris is Burning, we dive back i...
From 2011 to 2013, hundreds of regulations were...
A look at how the community of Newtown, Connect...
The danger is palpable as intrepid young filmma...
As a visually radical memoir, Cameraperson draw...
My Best Friend's Birthday is a partially lost b...
A drifter and an outlaw confront their past at ...
Agent Coulson informs Agent Sitwell that the Wo...
                                No overview found.
In celebration of the publisher's 75th annivers...
A look at the story behind Marvel Studios and t...
Kyle wants to make a Pure Pwnage movie but he h...
A remote fishing village in Iceland. Teenage bo...
Japan sinks! Proving once again that Japan will...
Portrait of the singer and her year-long battle...
Anabel and his two roommates are looking for so...
Haunted by a terrifying spirit out of her graph...
While on a fourth of July holiday, six best fri...
The ostensible subject of this film is the grow...
Madrid, summer 2011. Economic crisis. 15-M move...
A tale of cheats and impostors, taking its insp...
A mass suicide involving members of a cult take...
When a student takes on a theology project, he ...
                                               NaN
Story of former major league baseball pitcher B...
Gary Faulkner is an ex-con, unemployed handyman...
The black power salute by Tommie Smith and John...
After fleeing an arranged marriage, a feisty In...
Kaiser, the lead singer of a former rock group ...
Goro (Tetsuya Watari) had grown up in the yakuz...
Goro (Tetsuya Watari) wants to put his dark pas...
Goro Fujikawa (Tetsuya Watari) was indebted to ...
On a cold winter day, Goro Fujikawa (Tetsuya Wa...
A street war breaks loose between two rival gan...
Goro (Tetsuya Watari) has always been a lone wo...
A year after their son goes missing, a family m...
Maine Congressman Charlie Winship has had a bad...
New adventures, dangers, and funny situations a...
The continuation of a funny adventures of the h...
The continuation of a funny adventures of the h...
Wildlife activists and investigators put their ...
1944 : Occupied France. Juliette (Vice) is Wehr...
Retreating from life after a tragedy, a man que...
Seventeen-year-old Anne just fell in love with ...
Musical instruments are the stars of a romantic...
An army of loyal samurai plot to revenge their ...
After a publisher changes a writer's debut nove...
Nicolás, a photographer, has suffered epilepsy ...
Every year, Bruno makes a tour of all the wine ...
Thirteen years after a dinner party in which th...
Dedicated home care nurse Vlasta attends her wh...
Alesha Popovich has to catch Tugarin Zmey and b...
Dobrinya Nikitich goes on a quest to save the r...
Told from Mowgli's point of view, it's the stor...
When a professional matchmaker’s own marriage l...
HyperNormalisation tells the extraordinary stor...
The naive cowboy Tod Lohman accidentally kills ...
A U.S. agent uses a State Department courier as...
Beasley, who is after Gayner's land, plans to k...
Not a Rowdy Yates in sight in this western set ...
In this WW2 epic comedy – in the vein of “La Gr...
Rich Peppiatt delivers a satirical dissection o...
The 14th of June 1941, Soviet-occupied Latvia: ...
Karen and Jack met in a mental hospital and fel...
In the main events of Ice Age: Collision Course...
Seyolo Zantoko is a doctor from Congo who wants...
In 1839, months after the British army has repr...
Carved from a lifetime of experience that runs ...
For Justin Timberlake it's the final two dates ...
A ferocious, bullying music teacher teaches a d...
A faux advertisement for a third-world robotic ...
A Tibetan immigrant returns to her home country...
Aris, a 38-year-old worker in a factory is fire...
A retired entertainer makes his living as a str...
The Murderers Are Among Us was the first German...
Marek is a 15-year-old from a provincial villag...
Riley, now 12, is hanging out at home with her ...
When two brothers, Josh and Mike, go to a small...
Julia Stonecypher is finding it difficult to ge...
Destiny has brought Ten and Pao to meet through...
Set within an animal shelter, where if the owne...
"Catch Me" is about Lee Ho-tae (Joo Won) who me...
Inuk filmmaker Zacharias Kunuk (Atanarjuat: The...
Young and active nationalist Aleksander Kesküla...
Widowed and broke Finnish businessman Kari take...
A young hitman is asked to prove himself by kil...
The story of a Japanese sub's last mission duri...
The legendary Native American chieftain refuses...
In a war-torn country that is plagued by a vici...
A comedy about a chaotic morning in a family wi...
Based on a true story. Five high school cheerle...
Lance Valenteen (David Boreanaz) makes a living...
Has-been sports promoter Billy Cole gets a seco...
One afternoon, Shiori, a very sexually active y...
In this Gothic tale, a returning WW2 vet goes l...
A female research scientist conducting experime...
Hypnotic, perturbing, and utterly enthralling, ...
The true story about the biggest warcriminal fr...
Interviews with a procurer and with nineteen bo...
Jennie Garth of "90210" stars as Susan, an unem...
The inspiring true story of Seretse Khama, the ...
The musical drama is a sequel to the 2008 block...
With his directorial debut actor Chen Jianbin w...
A nurse traffics the ID cards of demented patie...
Two guys bought a car and travelled through the...
Johnny Blake, (Justin Gorence, The Young and th...
Shima is an extremely shy young man who just st...
Set in the year 2020, Shiori Genbo (Ayame Gouri...
Set in the Joseon Period, three beautiful muske...
Dr. Mi-Soo misdiagnoses a patient after she mee...
When a spate of eerie murders erupts across HK ...
Saxon Logan's extraordinary 49 minute featurett...
The story of a young,wild woman who doesn't wan...
In 1988, renegade filmmaker Robert Altman and P...
When a spoiled English girl living in 19th cent...
Carrie Gemmell, an office woman that initially ...
A Soviet cult cartoon, so untypical for a Weste...
A drunk uncle attempts to score with his flirta...
Faro is about a man who flees into the forest w...
At Big Jim’s Auto Depot there’s only one rule. ...
Eve Hallows' 18th birthday comes with an unexpe...
When her birthday wish magically summons wacky ...
When Spencer Koll, a United States Marine, retu...
After losing her father, a young women must fin...
Sisters Kate and Melanie haven’t spoken to each...
Sarah Fisher, an overly organized, by-the-numbe...
Gwen has just discovered, that she's the final ...
When runaway teenager Chelsea is mistakenly kil...
                                               NaN
                                               NaN
                                               NaN
Sara Shaw is the type of woman who prefers to s...
                                               NaN
After being dumped at the alter on her wedding ...
                                               NaN
                                               NaN
                                               NaN
                                               NaN
                                               NaN
                                               NaN
                                               NaN
Actress Jane Wilkinson wants a divorce, but her...
A heart-pounding thriller about a widowed child...
Dr. Steven Sorenson plans to tap the geothermal...
Four high school students look to redefine them...
Although a successful romance novelist, Terry R...
Daniel returns to his family's mansion for the ...
Judith, an uptight divorcee, is appalled when h...
David Prowse is an eighty years old actor, who ...
Luke, an independent young man with Down's synd...
Rocker Kai Latvalehto has a wife and a son, alm...
Franco, after being fired from his job decides,...
                                               NaN
Escape is a thriller about a World War II vet w...
As her family falls apart, seventeen year old S...
Wang Xiaoshuai’s debut feature was one of the f...
Something Like It (の・ようなもの No Yōna Mono) is a 1...
Steve, a young professional snowboarder, ruins ...
A homeless man is recruited by a bunch of rich ...
Biopic of the great French ocean-going adventur...
A rookie cop is tasked with shadowing Officer D...
                                               NaN
Shouya Ishida starts bullying the new girl in c...
"Door Latch" and his friend followed the KMT ar...
A young girl had her voice magically taken away...
Tezuka Osamu's tale of a genetically engineered...
A goat named Mei wanders into a barn one night ...
A crime story set in Paris about a Bonnie-and-C...
Strangers in a strange land, Bulbovia’s dimmest...
The sudden disappearance of a wealthy banker's ...
It all starts at daybreak, three young surfers ...
Based on the incredibly true story of a Spanish...
                                               NaN
This musical biography tells the story of the m...
The story of how the classic album "Paranoid" w...
1982 was a momentous year for Iron Maiden. Foll...
A crusading politician falls prey to the tempta...
Ginger Rogers stars as an aging stage actress i...
Violent fugitive and mistreated small boy team ...
Cottage to Let is a 1941 spy film starring Lesl...
Victorian melodrama gets a big send-up in this ...
Two flappers (Claudette Colbert and Ginger Roge...
Rival newspaper reporters Pat Morgan (Rogers) a...
Virginia Radcliff, a remarkably unspoiled but n...
Unscrupulous agent Pat O'Brien makes singing wa...
Two best friends in college Mitch and Elizabeth...
A Canadian doctor finds her sympathies sorely t...
                                               NaN
Controversy erupts when an unassuming young man...
A documentary about the story of Mario de Marce...
The revolutionary NEW feature length documentar...
The story behind Johnny Cash's lost Native Amer...
Pablo was a priest. He knew he was going to die...
Two prisoners in complete isolation, separated ...
Ricardo O'Farrill brings his sharp, observation...
Self-deprecating comic Sofía Niño de Rivera put...
Evil king Praximedes convinces superhero Atlas ...
Released just a few years after her death, this...
A wannabe private investigator wins the Green C...
Jean-Pierre Gorin interacts with a club of mode...
You arrive at a secret location at a precise ti...
Inspired by the popular '40s radio show of the ...
Irwin Allen explores the mysteries of the deep ...
Beautiful young European girl, Carol, is posses...
The remarkable story of WWII infantryman and ph...
Sebastian is unemployed, finding pleasure only ...
A despicable young man, at the end of his life,...
In the mid to late 90's, the Reykjavik crime an...
The events on the last night in the existence o...
Final day of school in a small Polish town. It'...
On his spring break at the seaside, with his wi...
A group of women working in an unemployment off...
Jordan, 1967: displaced to a refugee camp after...
A young couple forsakes their urban existence f...
A teenaged boy goes for a ride with his brother...
Charts the trials and tribulations of Ana, a fr...
The caped crusader reluctantly agrees to let Ba...
A Japanese geologist discovers that dinosaurs s...
An alien is pursued as a traitor by his own rac...
In Ancient Polynesia, when a terrible curse inc...
A loner from an early age, Thomas Quick went on...
A documentary film about the life of pianist an...
Struggling with marital problems, a man begins ...
A feudal village in Southeastern Turkey in 1970...
Hector has been living on the motorways for yea...
The Unbidden is a thriller about four women con...
A bachelor party becomes a savage fight for sur...
A former US Federal Agent must abandon the witn...
A couple on the brink of ending their marriage ...
Dollan Cannell's documentary on the hundreds of...
An account of the days of First Lady, Jacquelin...
Based on the plot of an award-winning Crayon Sh...
A documentary. David Sieveking takes the advice...
When his uptight CEO sister threatens to shut d...
While the Kingdom of Korea is under occupation ...
Two brothers must take the helm of their family...
A social event choreographed in the manner of a...
After being unknowingly inflicted with the bite...
16-year-old juvenile offender Ji-gu reunites wi...
The story of an adult and a teenage couple duri...
"Intimate Grammar" is a sensitive study of an i...
"Logan" is a story about two teenage brothers, ...
A story on the trials and tribulations of a mot...
Ayn Rand &amp; the Prophecy of Atlas Shrugged i...
English-language adaptation of Albert Cohen's e...
After the break-up of a long-term relationship,...
Each year over one million wildebeest and zebra...
Young wannabe musicians from the province decid...
When visiting San Francisco, Tony Patucci, a ag...
A man's failed suicide attempt enables him to s...
A young man raised by scientists on Mars return...
A rogue band of resistance fighters unite for a...
A man imprisons the woman he's still obsessed w...
A story set in the Prohibition Era and centered...
Though Kevin has evidenced 23 personalities to ...
A man falls down the stairs, but instead of hel...
For the members of the comedy troupe Asperger’s...
A failed Broadway singer who now works as a pro...
Sonia Kennebeck takes on the controversial tact...
In 1960s New York, Walter Stackhouse is a succe...
A new romantic comedy feature film that brings ...
A famous singer Claire Lescot, who lives on the...
A muggy Saigon, late 1945. Stationed at a milit...
Ushi Hirosaki has to marry according to Japanes...
Vampire death dealer Selene fends off brutal at...
Gorgeous blonde assassin Samantha Fox accepts a...
USSR, Late November, 1941. Based on the account...
Natural One begins with a summons to Gary from ...
A murdered hotel millionaire's son finds himsel...
An ambitious lobbyist faces off against the pow...
In this tense and immersive tour de force, audi...
It's Hollywood, 1958. Small town beauty queen a...
Due to a road rage between two buses, an accide...
Bwakaw is a drama-comedy about growing old, and...
                                               NaN
A group of laid-off workers bribed into working...
An alpha New York City male is magically transf...
A group of hobgoblins, who allow you to live ou...
Aanandam is a 2016 Indian Malayalam campus musi...
The story of an engineering graduate (Wilson) a...
Three happy-go-lucky friends run a coastal reso...
The story revolves around a boy named Guppy(Mas...
Krishnan, who has been living away from his fam...
Biju is an honest policeman who fights the inju...
Brazzi plays mad Dr. Frankenstein, Dunn is an e...
Four women spend the night in an old deserted s...
The citizens of Comet Valley are being taken ov...
In 1919, the great English military man T. E. L...
A group of people are sitting in a theatre watc...
Lynch's first film project consists of a loop o...
The Solar Children, a group of dwarves who left...
For the first time ever, comedy legend John Cle...
Set in a world where homosexuality is the norm,...
After watching a documentary about the sufferin...
The Khmer Rouge slaughtered nearly two million ...
In 1979, Alien burst onto the scene with a stro...
Köylerinde buldukları bir çuval altını bozdurma...
Emile de Antonio's film decimates Richard Nixon...
A spacecraft traveling to a distant colony plan...
An artistic view of Van Gogh as if this movie i...
Lee Jang-hwan receives widespread acclaim and m...
Inspired by the true story of Kim Kyung-ho, a m...
The untold story of Katherine G. Johnson, Dorot...
                                               NaN
                                               NaN
                                               NaN
A dwarf and a travesty, both are excluded from ...
"SNL" star Michael Che takes on hot-button topi...
Five years after an unexplained malfunction cau...
A modern loft reveals its past when new tenants...
A film on the come back of exorcism in the cont...
The Franchise Shane Douglas accidentally kills ...
The Coming War on China is John Pilger's 60th f...
Laura Black has got it. She has got her master ...
Onur, Ayşe, Mustafa, Tunç ve Fatih. Onlar, göky...
Onların da aşkı masallar gibiydi ve evlendiler....
Celal, who dreams of achieving happiness as a l...
                                               NaN
Harry and Beth wanted a different kind of holid...
Birch, a young man living in the Catskill Mount...
This film turns on two basic axes: the inquiry ...
Never-before-seen testimony is included in this...
The interrogation recordings of the underaged C...
After a couple of drinks two twenty-something s...
In 1950s Pittsburgh, a frustrated African-Ameri...
Romántico is a documentary about Mexican musici...
A lonely hairdresser watches the title sequence...
Vox Populi is a black comedy about an experienc...
Little Wing tells the story of 12-year-old Varp...
The story of a boy who, driven by the search fo...
A successful music producer quits the industry ...
The inspirational story of World Champion Boxer...
The plot involves patriots during the Sung Dyna...
Norman, a lost guinea pig, wanders in the pipe ...
                                               NaN
Alan Tanner's new play opens in a week, but Tan...
Carlo Roma and his foster-son, Toma, and their ...
Claudio and Helena are on the verge of breaking...
This is a film taken of the execution of Topsy,...
An intimate portrait of four-time Olympic gold ...
5 friends have a plan to rob a transporter that...
When his former secretary (Barbara Hale) is acc...
Todd grew up under the strange shadow of his ol...
Alex, an immigrant from Ukraine comes to Canada...
Following his release from a brutal stretch in ...
An unsuccessful journalist becomes a star in th...
This time, Alyosha Popovich Dobrinya and Ilya M...
The court horse Gaius Julius Caesar to his misf...
This is the fourth and final of a series of ani...
A strange creature races against time to make t...
Christine and Conrad are what we call modern pa...
Modern remake of Rear Window in which the lead ...
A priest is murdered and the main suspect is a ...
Ronnie runs a Disco walking tour with his son, ...
To his mute sister's dismay, a young boy puts a...
In a well-acted historical drama about clashes ...
TV show host Miles Long, trades his camera in f...
Alexandre Dumas, at the height of his career, t...
In 1979 Santa Barbara, California, Dorothea Fie...
In 1973, the 20-year-old Svante has a heart con...
An actor rigs a fake shooting on TV with the co...
Two wealthy businessmen are about to get away w...
A review of the wild New York City nightlife of...
Perry must defend the husband of an old flame f...
Individual photographs of the running of a buff...
This is the story of the internal struggle betw...
This film is a comedy about a poor man named Pu...
Documentary about the US Communist Party and th...
A man who has been railroaded into prison is fr...
Arjun and Geeta are a young couple, who are dee...
Dee lives with her two girlfriends in a boardin...
Recounts the dramatic story of the April 2013 t...
Dave Navarro is a trauma survivor of the highes...
A group of teenagers try to escape a creature t...
Broadway actress leaves New York to become a st...
A faceless killer who hunts women can only be s...
Ellen is a free spirited young woman in love wi...
An accident during a bar mitzvah celebration le...
From the producers of 'Bowling for Columbine', ...
Samir, a lanky crane operator in Montreuil, fal...
This documentary follows the group on their 201...
If we faced a countdown to destruction, could w...
Poppy Summerall is hired near Halloween as a te...
Pregnant sixteen year old Jacey's well-meaning ...
A documentary examining the end of live for fiv...
Political Animals is a six-part miniseries. Ela...
Documentary about Dr. Jack Kevorkian, who was p...
In the summer of 2005 a 16yo Memphis, TN wrote ...
Fish out of Water tackles the seven Bible verse...
                                No overview found.
An examination of the current state of politica...
In 2006, Charlie Lynch was invited by the civic...
Self-proclaimed "D-Lister" and two-time Emmy Aw...
A sexually active Texas college guy begins to r...
Memphis is set in the places where rock and rol...
Liza Minnelli stars in a television concert dir...
Join us for a rousing celebration of the life a...
Lisa Lampanelli's shocking and hilarious appear...
More than just a stand-up, the lovable Queen Of...
Two-time Emmy Award-winning and self proclaimed...
Odyssey Saône, a young Wallisian of Caledonian ...
Rich Froning Jr entered the 2014 CrossFit Games...
Fabian (Dario Grandinetti) works as a bank exec...
The Spanish troops in the Philippines Have to f...
European mercenaries searching for black powder...
An animated history of the conflict between Pal...
                                               NaN
On the XIX Century in Sierra Morena in Serranía...
From the legendary New York City music venue, t...
From the Union Square Theater in New York City,...
Freshman Neil's Vanguard stories are all he car...
The comic innovator delivers a surreal set blen...
Brought together at their childhood home over t...
When an idealistic romantic gets fired from his...
A young woman who dreams of being a children's ...
The main character is a miller, who sometimes a...
The true story of how Ray Kroc, a salesman from...
Jordan White, a publisher friend of Perry, is c...
      New York City is invaded by 8-bit creatures.
Imagine a world of incredible color and beauty....
                                               NaN
A teenage girl living in Baltimore in the early...
For the past two years, Ryan and Amy Green have...
Stop-motion animated short film in which a pupp...
Stop-motion animated short film in which a pupp...
Blowfly Park is a psychological thriller which ...
A military attaché at the French embassy is dra...
Tsunami is an ancient gaurdian fom days long ag...
After having narrowly escaped an attempt on his...
The film is an adaptation of three fairy tales ...
In the film, El Sacerdote, played well by Simón...
Leandro, an unemployed mason and his friend, To...
Spanish version of  Henry James' classic tale "...
Bilbao. The commander of the Guardia Civil, Eva...
The plot follows the misadventures of two young...
Jose Manuel Gomez Perales, "El Jaro", lives alo...
Madrid, Roberto Orbea is a member of the Spanis...
The film begins with a school teacher bidding f...
A woman sees a man throw a person into an eleva...
Set in the future, the story follows a nurse wh...
A young man, Marco, working as a butcher, accid...
A housewife is frequently left alone by her hus...
A dad forms a bitter rivalry with his daughter'...
Friends and admirers of iconoclastic film direc...
Criminal Frans Weeling realizes, after he has a...
Kickassia is a six-part feature-length original...
The Nostalgia Critic and his fellow reviewers f...
After discovering a mysterious entity that is l...
Sergei Polunin is a breathtaking ballet talent ...
Fully authorized, access-all-areas feature doc ...
A koala named Buster recruits his best friend t...
An unconventional thinker (Shah Rukh Khan) help...
Vidya Sinha (Vidya Balan) has only one obsessio...
An English family relocates to sunny Greece in ...
          Standup special recorded in Kansas City.
Jimmy Muir comes from a typical gritty, norther...
Deranged Millionaire, John Hodgman, and his inf...
                                               NaN
This spoof of miniseries that chronicle the dyn...
Hannibal is a Chicago native, currently living ...
                                               NaN
Standup special recorded at Union Hall in Brook...
In Matt Braunger's stand-up special, he reveals...
Robgen industries newest security system is "Th...
Working from the text of James Baldwin’s unfini...
Perry investigates the murder of a former madam...
When a college student starts having a reoccurr...
Dr. Tsu is a brilliant surgeon with her own exo...
The film is a drama about the aftermath of the ...
When four women move into an old house left by ...
New animation featuring the Olsen Gang, the leg...
A mistake made by the bride rejoins 4 old frien...
Nobody Walks in LA is the story of two old frie...
While confronting his unfaithful boyfriend, Dus...
After his father is killed in a car crash, Jack...
With her frumpy hair, blushing face, and awkwar...
Desperate to jar herself from the rich tedium o...
After falling off the roof at a New Year's Eve ...
Dirch Passer as detective and lady friend in th...
A mall security guard -- and former federal age...
                                               NaN
                                               NaN
Guy ends his relationship, re-encounter his bes...
Breaking a Monster begins as the band members o...
The Golden Ball is a wonderful children's film ...
Tells the story of the seventh century prophet ...
Chronic serial womanizer Stephane Margelle (Jea...
A film about Rikard, age 30. He is autistic and...
Lily is a winner, but when her boyfriend leaves...
Two brothers, down on their luck, fake a disapp...
Victoria Spick, a criminal lawyer who is single...
After losing his job on a coin-toss a man conco...
Alma, a little girl, skips through the snow cov...
It is the year 1861 and President Lincoln has c...
A mysterious group has created a sadistic ventu...
This True Life Fantasy follows and shows how th...
A seemingly happy family gets rocked by the sui...
Berlin in June of 1940. While Nazi propaganda c...
After her car breaks down on a rainy night, Mis...
Kie Hirano (Haruka Ayase) is an ordinary OL who...
Kinane's first one-hour comedy special "Whiskey...
In his third one-hour special, Kyle Kinane talk...
Filmed at the historic 40 Watt Club in Athens, ...
The rough Redneck may inherit from Stepfather a...
Based on real-life events, this psycho-thriller...
Mei Tachibana is a high school student. Due to ...
When a worldwide plot to divert gold which was ...
One billion people on our planet—one in six—liv...
In 1962, a U.S. soldier sent to guard the peace...
Ben Hall is drawn back into bushranging by the ...
Tairo, a young lion-tamer, is unhappy. Losing h...
The drama is centered around four friends and b...
Kiira seems like an ordinary young girl, who li...
Perry is sueing a gutter trash newspaper that i...
A student moves in with a family that lives in ...
Two estranged brothers reunite at their missing...
After receiving a distressing medical diagnosis...
Lonely pensioner, Harold Gimble, has become the...
A psychological horror about a young woman copi...
Travis is an underground comic book artist with...
Artificial Intelligence from far into the futur...
Thomas is finally getting married, and Andreas ...
                     Short film of two men fencers
Short story "Metel" from volume "Povesti Belkina".
An eleven-year-old Turkish boy, two young men f...
Iconic snowboarder Travis Rice and friends emba...
Mason defends a man he had sentenced to prison ...
The loyal, committed and very decent Elvis (Ken...
Contemporary Russia. A young couple finds a gre...
Somaieh, the youngest daughter of an indigent f...
Coming Through the Rye, set in 1969, is a touch...
Teenagers Glen and Randa are members of a tribe...
A sequel to My Girlfriend's Wedding. Pictures f...
Director Jim McBride's "liberated" English girl...
A profile of an ancient city and its unique peo...
Takeo Goda (Ryohei Suzuki) is a high school stu...
Julie Walters tells the story of how Morph, Sha...
A lawyer and a prosecutor take on a murder case...
Teen romance is complicated for a boy who's sec...
The main character is a bookkeeper, 40, who liv...
                                               NaN
Recently relocated from San Francisco to conser...
A woman suddenly disappears after an early morn...
Isobel Gray plans a storybook Christmas with he...
An American traveling in South America ends up ...
The film begins with a mother hen sitting on he...
Adapted from the Andersen tale and played out i...
An anthology of five short films exploring the ...
Juliet heads to her grandfather’s ranch with he...
Prizefighter Mason loses his opening fight so w...
Roland Young and Genevieve Tobin have been marr...
A young woman returns home to care for her grav...
While at a slumber party, twelve-year-old Olivi...
The dreary existence of middle-aged spinster Ma...
As a young missionary, Richard Wilhelm in 1899 ...
Ken Malansky, a law student of Perry Mason's, i...
A young boy believes he can save his dying fath...
A biopic of Barack Obama set during his time as...
Two stories of people who's life has changed af...
As most of the world moves forward toward gay e...
Lou, a creative and dreamy 12-year-old girl, li...
Eugen Sandow, who claims to be the strongest ma...
In North Africa, in a detachment of the Legion ...
Stelios Dimitrakopoulos has 32 hours left befor...
Hurricane Bianca is a revenge comedy about a Ne...
At age 19, Stratos committed a crime of passion...
Bella Vita is an intimate and powerful journey ...
Bending Colours is a moving portrait of Jordy S...
                                No overview found.
The time is 1945-46. 10 year old Eda and his fr...
Room Full of Spoons is an in depth documentary ...
Through unlocked genetic memories that allow hi...
An unemployed doctor turned cab driver becomes ...
Based on the New York Times best-selling novel ...
Carlos is a man who goes to a coffee shop-libra...
Greater – The story of Brandon Burlsworth, poss...
A dog goes on quest to discover his purpose in ...
Oldrich is the runt of his village, beaten by h...
All kinds of people are waiting in seven differ...
The Schoolboy tells the story of Claire Adams, ...
An unnamed man, simply called "The Man" (Richar...
When Eyal finishes the week of mourning for his...
Dangal is an extraordinary true story based on ...
Christopher Plummer is joined by an all-star ca...
A young theatre director is accused of killing ...
A car roars through the darkened country roads....
The story of heroine Ecaterina Teodoroiu, the o...
Da-eun lives a happy life with her single fathe...
Evacuated from their home, two teenage sisters ...
In the early 1970s, the internationally celebra...
A hockey player of friend of Ken Malansky's is ...
                                No overview found.
Master is a talented writer in Moscow working o...
A drama with a supernatural edge, this genre-cr...
                                               NaN
Manifesto draws on the writings of Futurists, D...
Perry Mason defends the husband of a famous roc...
A constellation of variously desperate characte...
The artist Tom Sachs and his team of bricoleurs...
Collection of five shorts based on the filmmake...
A young woman from Las Vegas wants Perry Mason ...
A woman’s face disappearing behind, and emergin...
Sasha, a French woman of thirty, dies suddenly ...
A new family moves into town and their son, Ben...
Loosely based on a '50's movie of the same name...
Classic comedic western, Captain Oren Hayes of ...
Sharron Holden is a loving mother, wife, and wo...
Maula Jat tells the true story of it's eponymou...
Classic Indian film starring Aasia, Afzaal Ahma...
Storyline: In the summer of 1683, 300 000 Ottom...
The chief suspects in the murder of an author a...
The son of Hitler, Hitlar, wreaks havoc in a Pu...
A Zamindar neglects his wife and prefers the co...
The sailors who were duped by woman sellers, wa...
George Carlin performs a hilarious set of never...
An intense thriller from the frontlines of Worl...
Since their parents split up, Sara and her youn...
During the Manchurian-ruled Qing Dynasty, Emper...
The story of artist Edith Lake Wilkinson, a pai...
An Air Force major feels a volatile mixture of ...
She is a quick-tempered and feisty Turkish woma...
"Free Floating" is a melodrama with elements of...
An American backpacker gets involved with a rin...
A documentary of game sound from the Victorian ...
Magic: The Gathering is the most popular collec...
The Minions need to raise $20 to purchase an as...
In the darkroom, 50 unexposed film strips were ...
A father, a mother and a baby are sitting at a ...
                        The first travelling shot.
Auguste Lumière directs four workers in the dem...
                                       No Overview
                                       No Overview
“This film is remarkable in several respects. I...
"A glove contest between trained cats. A very c...
Two dancers perform in succession facing a stat...
From Edison films catalog: One of the most pecu...
Strong-man Eugene Sandow flexes his muscles and...
Hadji Cheriff, a performer known for a variety ...
Annie Oakley was probably the most famous marks...
A simple scene of two rather flamboyantly-dress...
“Mammy is washing her little pickaninny. She th...
A most perfect picture of the Pan-American Expo...
This picture was taken at one of the curves on ...
                                       No Overview
The adventures of an inattentive man who can't ...
A young woman takes over her sick father's role...
Teddy Duncan's middle-class family embarks on a...
    A guy kills his wife because she's a bad cook.
Ever since her mum died when she was fifteen, M...
                                               NaN
An account of Boston Police Commissioner Ed Dav...
Kenny Wells, a modern-day prospector, hustler, ...
Centers on a group of weary Middle Eastern refu...
In the 1930's, Agaguk lives his traditional Inu...
Jung-gu sends out homemade bombs to people who ...
Seasons is a 2015 French-German nature document...
Perry is at TV station "KGGY" to be interviewed...
Stop motion movie showing the cooking of spaghe...
After a dark night, a man considers his options...
Oxana is a woman, a fighter, an artist. As a te...
A young servant fleeing from his master takes r...
A young couples lives are turned upside down wh...
The film briefly gives Hercules' history after ...
Eugene prepares for her comeback vehicle after ...
In 1947, those aspiring to be priest are sent t...
Andi, an aspiring fashion designer, is trying t...
A scientist's kids are sucked into a TV screen ...
After Dexter is confronted with robots who wish...
The Scary Godmother Halloween Spooktakular is b...
Actor Park Joong-hoon makes his directorial deb...
As a valiant Chinese general and his men battle...
Nicky escapes from prison somewhere between Ala...
Hotheaded cop Bill Zhu (Lau Ching-wan) gets rel...
A parody of Louis Cha's novel The Eagle Shootin...
Jon Richardson's new DVD Nidiot takes the star ...
Andrea Arnold’s directorial debut consists of a...
Dog takes place on what starts out as an ordina...
Zoë is a single mother who lives with her four ...
Maru, after becoming pregnant from a drunken on...
A gangster who has commited all kinds of crimes...
After a lengthy space mission, two astronauts (...
The magical Munchie is back, and if he gets in ...
Set in 1879 Paris. An orphan girl dreams of bec...
                                               NaN
                                               NaN
Good Samaritan Sarah Fitzpatrick has a fatal ac...
Teenage gang member Cal, hides his sexuality fr...
A story of love, sex and destiny, by director J...
When one school teacher gets the other fired, h...
Looking for any way to get away from the life a...
Undercover Las Vegas police officer Vincent Dow...
An ambitious young executive is sent to retriev...
A 3D feature film about Sir Edmund Hillary's mo...
In the midst of the wedding princess Miroslava ...
David Katz is a world famous magician and he co...
A month after Wai Ming broke up with Ken, she f...
Meet Morgan. At first glance, she's just your a...
Explores the early events leading up to Red Dog...
In a fantasy world where magic is being superce...
                                               NaN
The life and work of Robert Frank—as a photogra...
Documentary about the career and eventual death...
After a wildlife biologist (Marco Marchese) bec...
Della's friend is accused of murdering a rival ...
A pair of girls seeking adventure beyond the th...
A painter, believed to be dead, returns to make...
Sleazy talk show host Ted Mayne writes a tell-a...
Well into the future, a senior interplanetary i...
A mother struggles to make a better life for he...
A mysterious death of a young college student o...
Examines the dawn of the comic book genre and i...
Garkfunkel and Oates: Trying to Be Special is t...
Jenny, a young doctor who feels guilty after a ...
The story of the women and relationships that d...
Quirky comedian and actor Brian Posehn shares h...
Billy Gardell, the star of CBS' hit comedy "Mik...
                                               NaN
Drinking the tasty Folk Soda puts a spring in t...
The early Middle Ages. A time of heavy swords a...
After heroically defeating both the Snow Queen ...
Musical. Thaddeus (Juanjo Menéndez) is a taxi d...
An attorney is thrust into wild adventures by a...
Filmmaker Landon Van Soest's thought documentar...
Veteran homicide cop Ferman (Şener Şen) and his...
The landowner (Agha) of the Haraptar village ma...
Abigail Kirk was an ordinary enough sixteen yea...
Simon is the king of the Danish art scene - ecc...
A moving love story in a time of hatred: During...
In a magical faraway land, in a picturesque lit...
In the year 60 B.C. a group of Druids, includin...
On 23 May 2010, 21-year-old Tonio van der Heijd...
Based on the international best selling book. T...
Modern grave robbing "archeologists" find perfe...
                  Old West. New Soul. Big Payback.
Extreme athlete turned government operative Xan...
When three college students move into an old ho...
'Blood on the Mountain' focuses on the environm...
A pregnant widow, believing herself to be guide...
In the irreverent spirit of fun that made “The ...
In The Beckoning Silence, Joe Simpson, whose am...
A scientist on the cutting edge clones the firs...
Of Two Minds explores the extraordinary lives, ...
Hunting Bigfoot in the mountains of South East ...
Catwoman attempts to track down a mysterious ca...
     Terry faces off against a much younger Batman
Celebrating Batman’s 75th anniversary, DC Enter...
  An animated short about the 75 years of Superman
                                               NaN
There's no better time of year than Christmas, ...
Four carolling children meet Jesus and Santa Cl...
Four children, all but one of whom go unnamed, ...
"Say goodnight to the bad guys" picks up where ...
A mother/daughter relationship is thrown off ba...
Chosen the world’s protector against the Seven ...
"Trailer Park Boys" John Paul Tremblay, Robb We...
The boys head to Ireland after winning a contes...
A surrogate mother harbors a deadly secret desi...
The Prohibition years. Chicago bootleggers suff...
Contemporary Moscow. Ninth-grader Kolya falls i...
Bugs is in drag as the Valkyrie Brunhilde who s...
In the aftermath of WWI, a young German who gri...
A woman encounters a strange presence in a gues...
Hawaiian-shirt enthusiast Gabriel "Fluffy" Igle...
In the early 1960s, Henry Ford II and Enzo Ferr...
An alien microbe lands in remote Siberia in the...
A family together with their grandpa go on a va...
Feature length documentary on the making of Dav...
A gung-ho ex-military man pursues a secret life...
Dorothy Davenport as Clara Madison, a prominent...
Zahira, 18, is close to her family until her pa...
When a U.S. congressman's daughter passing thro...
Mastering classic pinball arcade games requires...
Octave Parango, the former concept creator/edit...
Perry Mason is invited to the marriage of the d...
In 1997 the close-knit Anderson family vanished...
Updated to 1970s London, this faithful adaptati...
Muhammad Ali, in a rare acting role, plays Gide...
"The Invisible Guest” turns on a young business...
From Pong to Grand Theft Auto, Charlie Brooker ...
The owner of a cosmetics company is unveiling a...
Chinese archeology professor Jack teams up with...
Love triangle set against the backdrop of World...
The year 2050 the planet has become overpopulat...
Isabel is an actress recent in her 40 years old...
A former war journalist now writing for a paper...
The Straw Hat Pirates are taking on Gild Tesoro...
A group of friends travel to a wilderness area ...
Emmy-winning comedian Dana Carvey blends pitch-...
An intimate portrait of Hollywood royalty featu...
Three generations of the rowdy Cutler family li...
Korea’s biggest network marketing scam reveals ...
To acquire the best physiques in the world take...
Claire is sure of herself, her work and family,...
A remake of the award-winning Iranian film Chil...
As daily airstrikes pound civilian targets in S...
In 1930s Texas, following the murder of his fat...
Two expeditions are trying to reach the Lost Ci...
An assassination in the Philippines is caught o...
An American colonel will pay any price to defea...
After the end of the world, Earth is a thirsty ...
Eddie Griffin proves once more that he’s one of...
The year is 2021 AD. Women have been enslaved b...
In a bleak, postnuclear future world, warring f...
Silk, the toughest cop in Honolulu, busts small...
The Future is now. There are no rules and no pl...
Alex Danko descends into the ultra-violent unde...
This whimsical look at rough-and-tumble America...
Hitler, Nazi propaganda and 1936 Berlin Olympic...
Randy and Jason Sklar standup special recorded ...
There’s something happening in the world of vid...
A unique talent, Demetri Martin is one of the h...
Comedian Jeff Foxworthy shot to national fame w...
You loved them on the Blue Collar Comedy Tour a...
Mrs. Rada the Goat tells her five children to b...
Theo, not the most popular boy at his school, d...
Following his release from a seven-year stretch...
In the fascinating new film from director Avi N...
Singapore GaGa is a 55-minute paean to the quir...
When a crisis threatens to destroy their high s...
Based on the inspiring and powerful true story ...
Angie works hard to run her uncle’s events busi...
A single mom tries to break free from a mysteri...
Vikram is a happy-go-lucky management student f...
Two teenage boys cycle 160 km on stolen bikes p...
Off a dirt road in rural Maine, a precocious 20...
A  woman must survive the night after she welco...
Nick and Molly, commitment-phobic and busy prof...
At Payden Farms, Rose meets Tom Novak — a hands...
Maya Sulliway is a struggling single mom who's ...
Jules has just inherited a quaint Christmas tre...
                                               NaN
                                               NaN
                                               NaN
MARTHA EVANS has been abandoned by her ne'er-do...
Shot in Spanish and localized for markets aroun...
With her California hometown in the rearview mi...
Brave sons of the king, twin brothers Jaroslav ...
A fairy-tale about the power of love. The old k...
Ashley has been on her own all her life. She fe...
Gina and Seth have been pen pals for 13 years a...
When a small town woman with southern charm is ...
The film takes place one year after the events ...
Zoe Walker is a food scientist who's been sent ...
A prince from Europe meets a charming waitress ...
Born for adventure, Lea Clark heads deep into t...
Middleton prepares for its bicentennial, and Gr...
Almost as soon as Jake and Cassie decide to get...
Life is good for marketing professional Allison...
Agent Coulson stops at a convenience store and ...
Aspiring interior designer Layla is dreading th...
When three hilarious, strong-willed women join ...
When her niece is cast in The Philadelphia Ball...
A chance meeting between two strangers who shar...
Botanist Jenny fled her small town and cruel hi...
”Laurel (Cahill) is in charge of her hometown’s...
A serious accident that leaves a champion horse...
Kaitlyn is a high school student whose obsessio...
On 9 April 1940, German soldiers arrive in the ...
Julia becomes worried about her boyfriend, Holt...
Weary of the bloodshed and violence from the ma...
Based on the true story of a British secret age...
BEAUTIFUL NOISE is an in-depth exploration of a...
A hapless husband neglects to clear the icy wal...
A groundbreaking device is designed to glimpse ...
Two kids - about 11 years old - Marcello and Fa...
Max Bua leaves his country life behind in hopes...
A bomb threat is called in to a police station ...
An American's family jewels are stolen during h...
A sleepy village around 1910. Jacob, the owner ...
Michael has a secret that he intends to announc...
Ten actresses test films for the title role of ...
Koyomi Araragi was turned into a vampire by the...
"El Tarzan" Lira is an ex-convict who decides t...
On one hot summer night, the residents of a Hun...
Zvenigora stars Nikolai Nademsky (Earth), as th...
Dr Sheila Carlin is good friends with Della who...
A high school student develops a crush on her g...
In the wake of a Supreme Court decision to outl...
With her husband having lost his job, Helena op...
On the set of a popular daytime soap opera 'Mil...
In Nordestina, a small town lost in the Brazili...
When Claire returns from Burkina Faso, she has ...
Gooische Vrouwen (Vipers Nest) is based on a ve...
In Justine’s family everyone is a vet and a veg...
A woman finds a man in a box in front of her ho...
A psychiatrist tries to put her life back toget...
The contemporary story of a priest who launches...
Feeling confined by their small town and overbe...
Anthony Caruso, an old friend of Perry Mason, c...
A man, objecting to being filmed, comes closer ...
Lakshmi is a thirteen-year-old girl who lives w...
"As everyone knows," the narrator begins, "gold...
Bugs Bunny is wanted "dead or alive" by the Mou...
Regardless of Joe Rogan's success on television...
Three siblings who break away from a lackluster...
                                               NaN
After wandering a ruined city for years in sear...
It is the journey of an educated man from Mexic...
A professor teaching at a correspondence school...
The alleged suicide of a gubernatorial candidat...
Attorney Bill McKenzie takes the case when his ...
A small community of descendants of Italian imm...
In this inspirational love story, a Delhi unive...
Poncho is a student at a prestigious college in...
The greatly anticipated follow up to the platin...
America's king of clean comedy delivers wickedl...
In a celebration of the trans community in Puer...
Isabellas Rossellini takes her educational seri...
A couple decide to open a home for refuges in t...
Herman discovers he's the new lord of Munster H...
Kentucky, 1861. Francis and Henry Mellon depend...
                                               NaN
                                               NaN
Screenwriter Leo is searching for the wolf in t...
A dark comedy about brothers running a drug-dea...
In the not so distant future, a team of white c...
The story about a group of youths who can't fac...
With help from Meme Oshino, the apparition spec...
Promise, the most honored movie in television h...
Dona Hermínia is back, but now rich and famous ...
Mirko Talhammer is beyond himself when two stra...
In Differdange, in the South of Luxembourg, six...
With the American Dream set in their minds, two...
                                 film by Béla Tarr
Based on Geoffrey Fletcher’s book, this captiva...
The plot follows King Edward VII and President ...
In 1945, as Stalin sets his hands over Poland, ...
Inspired by true events from the 1970s, the sto...
Maigret plunges into the murky Parisian underwo...
When a scientist and a pilot volunteer for a hi...
John Wick is forced out of retirement by a form...
Chris and his girlfriend Rose go upstate to vis...
In the near future, a weary Logan cares for an ...
Explore the mysterious and dangerous home of th...
                                               NaN
A Rock 'n Roll version of the Twilight Zone, wi...
In the teeming, multicultural metropolis of mod...
After 20 years abroad, Mark Renton returns to S...
A poor, young boy goes on a field trip and drea...
Portrait of the Argentinean capital of Buenos A...
Every Second Counts takes an inside look at the...
After an unprecedented global pandemic has turn...
A NASA Arctic expedition designed to be the fir...
Set in the future in a time of interplanetary c...
A group of young bio-engineers discover they ca...
George Carlin is in top form with these stand-u...
Allison, the unfaithful wife of a famous mental...
Samantha Kingston has everything. Then, everyth...
In a twisted social experiment, a group of 80 A...
Saheji, a man-about-town, gets stuck at a high-...
A young girl recounts her girlhood and eventual...
Ten-year-old Trenk, peasant and property of evi...
In 2010, four of the greatest undefeated mounta...
Maria falls in love with George who is a studen...
The student Jenny Skoutaris Literature, daughte...
The story of 6 or 7 prostitutes, at Pireas harbor.
The Micah is a young woman living in a crazy .....
Lila Vasileiou is a young architect who is dedi...
Two poor portable barrel piano players ramble t...
                                               NaN
                                               NaN
A young man in Romania goes to shocking extreme...
Dave Schultz' feature debut Jet Boy is a drama ...
Five women on vacation are stalked by a hooded ...
Japan, 250 years ago. Soetsu is a moneylender w...
Macabre, international title for Rumah Dara (In...
Shogo (Ryuta Sato), the arrogant and condescend...
Pakistan-born comedian Kumail Nanjiani and grad...
Ingrid becomes obsessed with a social network s...
When a depressed woman is burglarized, she find...
Directed by Étienne-Jules Marey, a French scien...
The history of the clown Chocolate, the first b...
This is a tale about two children who are put i...
                                               NaN
Clemente is joined by Scotland Yard behavioral ...
                        Directed by Vasilis Vafeas
When the child Arthur’s father is murdered, Vor...
This exhilarating rock 'n' roll road movie foll...
A young man washes ashore, his memory gone - bu...
Four people, four extraordinary stories. All li...
An exorcist comes up against an evil from his p...
An ordinary day in the megacity of Istanbul: Te...
In the future, Earth is overcrowded and the pop...
Wealthy Chloe Brasher has three beautiful daugh...
A live-action adaptation of Disney's version of...
A day in the life of two best friends, a drug d...
Man Without a Star is a 1955 western film starr...
Can Schalcken save his love, Rose, from the clu...
A lord returns to his manor with his new wife, ...
In this thriller, two gangs of jewel thieves ba...
Two best friends, So-yool and Yeon-hee, dream o...
As her 25th anniversary approaches, Norma Micha...
Set in the 16th century AD, the movie brings to...
Madea winds up in the middle of mayhem when she...
Documentary charting the raucous history of the...
Coco is a French comedy released in 2009 and pr...
                                               NaN
A story about how a new baby's arrival impacts ...
Beings with supernatural powers join together t...
When an ordinary boy Davis, suddenly becomes fa...
In this horrifyingly modern fairytale lurks an ...
Jacob Fisher, an Orthodox Jewish Cantor and ama...
A science fiction thriller that takes place in ...
Bogdan, an internationally acclaimed concert pi...
IN BETWEEN captures the daily duality of three ...
He Man awakes from a coma thinking that she’s s...
José Renato, a 35-year-old geologist, is sent o...
Man leaves his factory job and sells everything...
Eastern Finland in 18th century. Farmer Juha ha...
A thriller set in turn-of-the-century Helsinki,...
A psychotherapist's life is wrecked when her pr...
                  Valentin Vaala's film from 1937.
Documentary on the London punk-rock scene, circ...
Irene, a thirty-something housewife with a succ...
Pauline begins to lose track of time, misplace ...
A troubled man runs away to Mexico and is recru...
Stephen Chow plays an "insane" person who is no...
The film tells the story of sixteen-year-old Ne...
A lonely criminology professor attempts to solv...
                                               NaN
                                               NaN
It's an excellent movie with good performances ...
Ο Μπάμπης (Βλαδίμηρος Κυριακίδης), ο Άγης (Δημή...
Elias of the 16th Precinct follows three friend...
Ukonvaaja - The Hammer of Ukko - is a documenta...
An investigation into the failed mental health ...
This portrayal of the rhythm of life and work i...
Fat middle aged 24/7 drunkard Les Patterson rep...
A diary of a lonely 30 year old man who works a...
Gary Brandner's horror novels come to life agai...
Marco ‘Curumim’ Archer’s life changed abruptly ...
Elio Perlman is spending the summer with his fa...
Experimental anthology film consisting of nine ...
Picking up immediately after the events in Resi...
Four friends who are all students, wake up at t...
Charles Burnett directs this movie about John, ...
Abou Ben Boogie  Release Date: 9/18/44  Directi...
The Greatest Man in Siam  Release Date: 3/27/44...
When Buster's girlfriend falls for a trapeze ar...
The film is set just before Poland's communist ...
A man and his wife are partners in a small busi...
Hanif and Dean steal a cache of drugs from Dean...
A long haul truckie who finds that the reality ...
Two strangers feel a supernatural connection af...
                                               NaN
  The life and death of the tropical singer Gilda.
When Caro and Marce go on vacation they find a ...
The evil Nasty comes to our world with two obje...
Facing an imminent attack from Mars, planet Ear...
Five teenage friends set out for the beach on t...
"American summer" is a road movie about life. I...
                                               NaN
Diz (Joel Courtney) is a reckless teenage drift...
This multi-award winning film tells the story o...
Traveling in 11-minute increments, a time-tumbl...
After an accident, Tom wakes from a coma to dis...
A small Sicilian town elects a new, honest majo...
The true story of the legendary German Shepherd...
Trisha, a Filipino transgender woman, suddenly ...
                                               NaN
The images could be taken from a science fictio...
Taşkafa is a real dog and also a legend on the ...
Tellez is a strict and prestigious film critic,...
A coven of devil-worshipping necrophiliacs move...
Set in a small town near the North Pole where r...
Cecil B. DeMille’s thought-to-be-lost 1915 sile...
A young man travels to the Andean mountains to ...
A comedy that follows a man on a mission of sel...
The rivalry between two former college friends ...
Having developed from a childhood game, Free Ru...
Recently deceased, a white-sheeted ghost return...
In the near future, Major is the first of her k...
A hoodlum (Corey Allen) plots to seduce a lonel...
In a small Breton town, a 10-year-old girl is f...
Set in the early 1990s, "As You Are" is the tel...
The story of Maalik has four principal tracks. ...
A story centered around a group of elite passen...
Actor Stephen Tobolowsky has acted in over 200 ...
This remake of 1981’s Goodbye Pork Pie tracks t...
                                               NaN
Thomas and Thomas are going through a rough pat...
No-nonsense comic Bill Burr takes the stage in ...
                                               NaN
The new film by Bertrand Bonello (SAINT LAURENT...
Stick Man lives in the family tree with his Sti...
Switzerland, 1955. The young orphan Max is sent...
Three years in the making, and from award-winni...
Based on the true story of acclaimed music icon...
When Stacy's mom dies, Stacey puts her life and...
This all-female horror anthology features four ...
A girl, Yūri Kurahashi, after watching a cursed...
Two physically handicapped youngsters make frie...
OK Jaanu is an upcoming Indian romantic drama f...
Angie, a young Brazilian artist, abandons her o...
Young Simone gets hit by a near fatal car crash...
Remember the culture clash in THE GODS MUST BE ...
10 Meter Tower is a short film study that takes...
The small town agog Hussars entry. Love between...
Urania Cabral returns to Santo Domingo, after s...
In a Swiss church, Antonio Carrera is getting m...
CIA Agent Martin Keele (Michael Madsen - Reserv...
In reality Emil and Larissa would never have be...
A raucous teen comedy produced in association w...
                                No overview found.
Centers around four older ladies from the Emmen...
The thirteen year old Janni is depressed, becau...
                                               NaN
Four kids - Eugen, Wrigley, Bäschteli and Eduar...
A break-in and murder at a New York City museum...
Teenager Loren (Nina Dobrev) doesn't like her n...
                                               NaN
On The Doll is a story of the victims of child ...
                                               NaN
A social satire in which a chauffeur accidental...
Middle Earth is... right in the heart of Europe...
“Death is my Trade” centers on the life of Rudo...
A secret cabal, The Shadow, works to bring abou...
When a wounded Christian Grey tries to entice a...
Middle-aged and divorced, Wilson finds himself ...
                                               NaN
The protagonist, a lazy pen-pusher, gets the sa...
Sent to spend the summer with their uncle on a ...
After an alien ship crash lands onto a Russian ...
A high-profile burglar reconciles with his two ...
      Master Wu gets into a conflict with Chicken.
Le Bourgeois gentilhomme satirizes attempts at ...
Mumford and Sons are a band that have never sta...
A merciless district attorney prosecutes a case...
Heinz Bütler interviews Henri Cartier-Bresson (...
A mother desperate to reconnect with her troubl...
A blind man who regains his vision finds himsel...
Madeleine Damien is the fashion editor of a sli...
A vivacious actress needing work becomes a hous...
It's a strange movie that you have to watch beg...
Pearl follows a father and daughter on the road...
From the moment she was born, Vaysha was a very...
The brutally honest story of Robert's turbulent...
In a twist on the classic Beauty and the Beast ...
A fast-paced comedy about a young Belgian car n...
Haim-Aaron is a bright, ultra-orthodox religiou...
Two families, Sebkovi and Krausovi, are celebra...
An urban family inherits an old country house l...
Guilherme and Sofia, brother and sister, grow u...
A photographer struggling with memory loss disc...
A young law student, grieving for his dying mot...
Deaf and mute since having his hearing knocked ...
After tragedy strikes Henry and Penny, he befri...
In the Australian Outback, two brothers discove...
A teenager wakes up near a cliff, injured and u...
A retired lawman works with a new sheriff when ...
Film follows two friends attempting to rob a pe...
A struggling writer meets death and falls in lo...
Dr Eve Lockhart is one of Britain's leading for...
Wisecracking, gum-chewing 12-year-old Gilly is ...
A thriller based on two real incidents: the 200...
Tragedy of a 8 year old girl coping with a grue...
The story of Chinese legendary anti-hero Zhong ...
Marie leaves home to study the piano at the con...
A restaurateur befriends a Syrian refugee who  ...
In a behind-the-scenes look at the biggest poli...
                                      No overview.
A young lady, who recently lost her mother, fac...
Upon his return from serving a ten-year sentenc...
Three young Brazilian try to help a terminally ...
TV series pilot (series never launched). After ...
Doug and Robbie are about to set sail on a long...
Ozzy, a friendly, peaceful beagle has his idyll...
Brilliant but insecure, young Ryan has 24 hours...
Stefek and his older sister Elka are the main c...
A man fleeing the scene of his wife's shooting ...
A documentary biopic of Boris Nemtsov, a promin...
A young woman who moves to Paris and has a brus...
Losing her mother at a tender age, Yim Wing Chu...
Accused of killing his brother during adolescen...
Bangkok, November 2008. Six young holidaymakers...
A man's hypochondriacal relationship with his m...
Wicked one-liners and soul-baring confessions c...
Devo captured live in Oakland, performing early...
Sol, a bold fugitive lost in a dangerous post-a...
A concert video that captures legendary rock 'n...
This program presents a combination of entertai...
Zappa Plays Zappa is the name of a concert tour...
An upstanding provincial reporter becomes prese...
Passions re-ignite and secrets revealed when a ...
After Santa tells Michael Bolton that he needs ...
The comedy follows Jefferson, a ski-bum temp wo...
Udo is invisible - no one ever seems to notice ...
A seagull is caught by the black tide of a sink...
After a failed assassination attempt, a soldier...
Eddie is suffering from no longer living with K...
                     Sci-fi end of the world drama
This musical drama marks the screen debut of Mo...
Tom Green causes havoc in the country who broug...
A large, multinational Company is badly shaken ...
Two identical twin sisters...one is very,very g...
Eric Lazard is a heartbroken former college foo...
After a three-year stint in prison, an unreason...
An unscrupulous private investigator with a pen...
It's four years later, and a new group of stude...
First person view of a man seen only in shadow ...
“A pink moving screen will stand at the entranc...
A train is delayed on Christmas day due to a st...
A lonely retired girl's High School Principal w...
Yuna lives on a remote Ryukyu island in Japan d...
A desperate young woman, on the run from the la...
An elderly farmer lives out his final days with...
Toward the end of World War II, middle-aged sol...
A middle-aged couple who have renounced civiliz...
The lives of and relationship between two teens...
This moving documentary profiles a former Buddh...
In a desperate search to create a follow-up to ...
The events in Sarajevo in June 1914 are the bac...
Kimihiko Onizuka is a salaryman infatuated with...
The King of the Belgians is on a state visit in...
New York designer Stefan Sagmeister lives in th...
Is the story of a man, Fung, in his early twent...
The McBee family has erected a government over ...
Once upon a time, the great soprano Sofia Mayer...
When Roy Gundersen released from prison after t...
Roman is a born proofreader from a family of pr...
While hosting a game of cards one night, Narumo...
A story of soul searching, science, nature and ...
It takes two or three generations for the monar...
Seattle, WA EMP brings viewers inside the groun...
Documentary exploring the colorful history of t...
A documentary that reveals how a forgotten reco...
Deepak is a lawyer suffering from bipolar disor...
Based on the real life story of an incident in ...
The Flemish harmony Sint-Cecilia from Staaikerk...
In this documentary, Iggy Pop reads and recites...
A home-guard serviceman assigned the task of st...
An architect and his wife see their relationshi...
Animator. Storyman. Troublemaker. At 80 years o...
A group of teenagers drives to "Fever Lake" to ...
25 year-old John, his teenage brother Erbol, an...
An African-German Author loses his memory and i...
Pietro Zinni is asked by the police to revive t...
Mickey's film is having a premiere, and all the...
Plane Crazy is an American animated short film ...
Fast paced, action packed comedy. Tension flare...
On this particular Friday morning the students ...
A lawyer takes on a case of a prison guard in S...
After falling pregnant to Perth, her boyfriend'...
The story begins with a man left by his girlfri...
A boy who gets frustrated in love meets another...
Three high school students experience the perks...
The overnight story of Competition, Love and Fr...
In the California apple country, nine hundred m...
The story begins during music class before the ...
It follows the story of two lonely teachers, a ...
A passionate holiday romance leads to an obsess...
The heart-wrenching story of The Citizen begins...
After the controversial disappearance of their ...
The second "visual album" (a collection of shor...
Peter Dunning is a rugged individualist in the ...
A challenging psychological drama where the car...
A twisted gay romance set in the 19th Century p...
Aoi, a young teacher with striking good looks, ...
In the mountains of Pakistan, a mother and her ...
Documentary of three gay men living in the Pale...
One of the greatest neuroscience breakthroughs ...
Age-old customs and traditions collide with a r...
What happened to those vedettes who represented...
Trudell is a 2005 documentary film about the li...
Its September 1960, and with Nigeria on the ver...
A filmmaker's insight into the biggest gatherin...
Late at night, the psychologist Eliane Hess is ...
Shot over a three-year period with unparalleled...
Set in Tangier, Traitors tells the story of Mai...
Journey to the edge of Brooklyn and of street p...
                                               NaN
A family of three young sisters live out their ...
Banovic Strahinja takes place during the middle...
In this fantasy with dragons and flying machine...
When Ted’s beloved cat dies, the trauma trigger...
A gang of outlaw bikers pull a home invasion on...
Marooned on a remote peninsula and haunted by f...
Two wronged women dish out vigilante justice al...
Stitch discovers Jumba’s secret computer that r...
A model (Yoko Shiraki) must cope with the stres...
A man is tasked with driving his embittered 80-...
Bok-Soon (Kim Go-eun-I) runs a street stall whi...
Julian has lived off the money he lures from hi...
By chance, a man and a woman meet on the KTX tr...
15-year-old Ikeuchi Aya was an ordinary girl, t...
The seaside city of Kaitan is not a happy place...
Thirty years after graduation, a man and a woma...
In Mahoro, the fictional suburb of Tokyo, Tada ...
A Middle-aged Japanese ex-pat journalist invest...
Lily Franky plays the role of a courtroom sketc...
For his fourth full feature, Toyoshi Toyoda has...
Betrayed and disgraced, big-city reporter Kazuy...
Five short stories of life's joys and sorrows a...
Mitsuko is 24, heavily pregnant and estranged f...
Miura Haruma takes on the role of Koji, a colle...
Muriel is beautiful, free-spirited and bed-ridd...
Shiro’s struggle with his father’s cancer and i...
A Thriller weaves together three different but ...
In this modern love story set against the Austi...
A young woman dealing with anorexia meets an un...
In a city where greeting card writers are celeb...
To Walk Invisible takes a new look at the extra...
Three parties pursue the million dollars that d...
Jennie the terrier has everything a dog could e...
The Up in Smoke Tour is a West Coast hip hop to...
The dry quarry and a forest that still beats. A...
When 11-year-old Gitty discovers that her fathe...
A 15 year old boy (Beni) falls in love with Fög...
Siblings Monroe (Monroe Mann) and Hilary (Cryst...
A lost soul stumbles drunken through the city. ...
A live recording of Katherine Ryan's Kathbum sh...
Miklós is at the age when everything feels high...
  French documentary about the Continental Circus.
Gessica, a single mother who works as a webcam ...
A finely tuned, emotionally raw portrait of a w...
Almost Adults follows two best friends in their...
The story behind Blondie's album Parallel Lines...
For a gay filmmaker, filming in Saudi Arabia pr...
An ambitious young man struggles to achieve his...
Vincent, a former air rifle champion lives a qu...
A new salesman named Kosuke Okuda happens to me...
When 50-year-old Milena finds out about the ter...
A young man (Christian Heinisch), recently arri...
A married couple of artists move to a utopian t...
A story about Janina Duszejko, an elderly woman...
A Yorkshire farmer develops a relationship with...
A waitress and singer struggles to recover from...
Struggling against the crisis in Portugal, a mo...
Eva Hendrickx is an ambitious young journalist ...
In an apartment building where neighbors, frien...
Based on a true story, it concerns a group of b...
One day, one moment, one idea can change lives....
A two-week trek through the Cascade Mountains t...
A 25-minute, live-action Christmas special rele...
The short film which Napoleon Dynamite was base...
                                               NaN
Toma and Ana meet as students in the literature...
Movie describes real events that took place in ...
In seven different parts, Godard, Klein, Lelouc...
An attack on the new President of a fledgling E...
A man forced to confront his past when he and h...
A series of dark and troubling events forces Bi...
                                No overview found.
Neglected by her husband, Sarah embarks on an i...
This is the story of 17-year-old Flo and his ga...
A documentary of the German National soccer tea...
Dieters grandma knew it from the start. This gu...
Incisive comic Jen Kirkman gets real about wome...
The "SNL" veteran performs his off-Broadway sho...
Donning his signature suit and fedora, the dapp...
Kubelka was asked to do a documentation group o...
Denis struggles to raise his boisterous daughte...
Tunis, summer 2010, a few months before the Rev...
At 40, Alice has everything a woman of her age ...
Tim showcases his band Dekkar, finds closure wi...
After freezing up under pressure in the emergen...
One of the greatest courtroom dramas in history...
Igor Grom, a skilled detective from St. Petersb...
When Frank and Julie move to a small isolated t...
Ten years after he was pushed down a well, a yo...
The story of the evolution of a boy from Nebras...
There is an ancient ritual known to humankind f...
A pair of outlaw brothers seek temporary refuge...
When he blacks out after receiving a strange Ch...
On the surface, Clara Barron seems to have it a...
Manuela and Olmo meet in a future as they had p...
An ageing jazz pianist learns something about h...
Matt Besser is here to air some grievances and ...
Mixing his spontaneous creativity and absurd vi...
This groundbreaking comedy special is presented...
The comedian and actor dishes up an hour of aud...
Alonzo Bodden returns with a comedic look at th...
Known for always saying the unexpected and tell...
Comedy special starring comedian, author and al...
Whether he’s singing an ode to “queer tattoos,”...
Cameron Esposito decided to do something a bit ...
                                   Netflix Special
Comedian Nikki Glaser talks about relationships...
In Rachel Feinstein's first hour-long special, ...
The “@midnight” host makes things very funcomfo...
Netflix presents standup and two-time Last Comi...
Veteran of sketch, television, and film, comedi...
In this hilarious new comedy special, stand-up ...
This solo, one-hour, stand-up show is the culmi...
Satirical comedian Ben Gleib, dubbed the "next ...
Performing live in El Paso, Texas, veteran come...
Comedian Josh Blue performs his act in a Denver...
No-holds barred stand-up comedian Godfrey perfo...
Comedy legend Martin Lawrence returns to the st...
Doug Stanhope performs live in his hometown of ...
Comedian Sebastian Maniscalco performs his thir...
Lewis Black taps into his signature outrage and...
Shot at The Slipper Room NYC, Jena Friedman's f...
Filmed at the Ace Theatre in downtown Los Angel...
Following from Bobcat Goldthwait's revelatory d...
Filmed live in San Francisco, Janeane Garofalo ...
Filmed in front of a sold-out hometown crowd in...
Mo Mandel takes the stage in his first hour-lon...
              Kathleen Madigan's stand up special.
Dan Levy works his way from a zebra to a lion i...
Armed with his ferociously aggressive style of ...
Detroit native Tony T. Roberts returns to his h...
Take a wild comedy ride through Uncle Joey's ey...
Tom Papa has become a Human Mule and he’s not a...
Living legend, Nick Thune, takes the stage in P...
Ian Harvie is not quite the kind of man you mig...
There's drama aplenty for the travelling theatr...
Five members of the Missing Persons Task Force ...
The story of a woman who dreams to join an inte...
In a time of civil war, a young warrior is give...
Best friends Dash and Assaf are sophomores at T...
El cimarrón is a love story about a young Afric...
A serial killer murders a businessman's wife, t...
Somewhere in Tokyo, there is a room. In that ro...
Alluring Hedy Lamarr plays Jenny, a lusty, soci...
A veteran homicide detective who has witnessed ...
Biopic detailing the tumultuous story of pop ic...
Mickey wants some of the cake Minnie has just b...
Short depicting the endings of various classic ...
A paranormal horror thriller involving two youn...
The employees of a big-box discount retail stor...
A young Austrian soldier in World War I fights ...
Slavik (34), former world champion in Latin Ame...
Daisy and Viola are siamese twin sisters on the...
On a mission to sell his last remaining prize h...
Based on the internationally-acclaimed play by ...
The movie is comprised of six vignettes. A look...
An average magician can entertain but a world-c...
After meeting at a party, Luciana and Pedro... ...
A college student awakens a long-dormant Egypti...
Deux jeunes mariés vont devoir survivre dans un...
The story is set in 1890s Siam. Siang is a youn...
An ancient legend tells of two holy forces Luna...
One of the most famous of cult director Ishii T...
Three crazed rapists hijack a school bus and pr...
Sex Machine tells of the affable but simple Hir...
Ami's friend, Yoshie, was murdered and desecrat...
Twenty years after the events of the original S...
A group of women who have been wronged by vario...
The film tells the story of Aiko, a 35-year-old...
An underwater earthquake generates a tsunami th...
A psycho scientist sent in to inoculate the lus...
After being tricked into thinking his best frie...
A genre-bending tale of a boy trying to fulfill...
A community is under siege as three Belmont Hig...
James, down on his luck and desperate for some ...
Comedian Nick Cannon is back - and using his po...
Ayurveda is a science of life and a healing art...
An English mother and her teenage son spend a w...
A young man returns to his family farm, after a...
Benny, a college freshman at the University of ...
In a rural Indian village, four ordinary women ...
“10 Minutes” is a small film, but also striking...
A volunteer troop of middle-aged men gather to ...
The bombing of the Alfred P. Murrah Federal Bui...
Fanny is a Jewish girl in a French orphanage in...
CJ ventures out for a late night hook up when t...
A hot young hustler finds himself in uncharted ...
Pollet provides an insight into life on the lep...
Long before Hollywood started painting white me...
An update of the 1960s Chinese martial arts sto...
A man leads a monotone, humdrum existence until...
A splendid chain of unlikely encounters. Hunter...
Two astronauts attempt to plant their flag on a...
A film adaptation of the Holy Emperor story arc...
This OVA features a somewhat original storyline...
A film adaptation of the Last Nanto General sto...
An OVA which centers around Toki and his relati...
The film's story is a prequel to the Fist of th...
In 1943, Noor Inayat Khan was recruited as a co...
After the Saints' victory against Hades, Seiya ...
When Seiya, Hyōga and Shun visit Saori (Athena)...
In Siberia, Hyōga saves a man that is being att...
Athena receives the visit of Phoebus Abel, her ...
The plot involves the coming of Lucifer to the ...
Quiet 10-year-old Zsofi has just changed school...
The drama chronicles the affair between Inger, ...
Luna and Diego are the parking lot security gua...
During the 90s, Algerian terrorism reaches Fran...
If you've never seen Nick Di Paolo live, this i...
Fearless and happy-go-lucky stand-up comedian G...
Mel Brooks is one of the funniest voices in Ame...
In his first hourlong comedy special, Brian Gaa...
Exclamation Mark Question Point is the debut sp...
The Live Series is an exclusive comedy special ...
Robinson finds the funny in everything from pol...
Very little is off-limits in comedian Ralphie M...
Trevor Moore recorded his first solo one-hour s...
Stand up comedian Jay Mohr reveals everything f...
Comedian Jim Norton tackles the twisted state o...
Filmed at the Gramercy Theatre in New York, the...
Mick Foley shares humorous tales full of wit an...
Comedian Brad Williams' standup topics include ...
Known as one of the best and most prolific come...
Comedian Jim Breuer returns to EPIX for his sec...
Nick returns to the Paramount Theater to drop h...
Susan Calman's stand-up show about being older,...
Brash, bold and never afraid to go blue, comedi...
A mix of cabaret and standup recorded at Joe's ...
Stand up Jay Pharaoh performs his most popular ...
The special was filmed at Bimbo’s 365 Club in S...
Comedian and Emmy-winning television host Craig...
Previously unseen stand-up comedy by Jeff Dunha...
“The League’s” Steve Rannazzisi hits Boston’s W...
Three-time Grammy and Emmy nominated comedian M...
For this live stand-up special, Brian Regan sha...
Actress and comedian Anjelah Johnson showcases ...
Comedian and author, Jimmy Dore has been Senten...
Paul F. Tompkins tells tales of haunting one’s ...
New York Times Best Seller and "Chelsea Lately"...
Miles Jupp – star of Rev. and host of Radio 4’s...
John Bishop’s back! After taking time out to wr...
Filmed at The Lincoln Theatre in Washington, D....
The Irish standup on the benefits of hitting hi...
"A Whole Different Story..." sees Kevin take us...
Filmed at The Vic Theatre in Chicago, Marc Maro...
You've never truly experienced the world until ...
Mike Epps wastes no time bringing his unapologe...
A team of space scavengers discovers superior a...
Rising comedy star Jerrod Carmichael takes to t...
Documentary about how an irreverent atheist cel...
              Myq Kaplan: Small, Dork and Handsome
Standup special filmed at the Gramercy Theatre ...
The legendary Tracy Morgan returns to his roots...
Perched high above it all in Denver, Joe Rogan¹...
Comedy Central Roast regular Greg Giraldo isn't...
Sebastian Maniscalco examines the shameless beh...
Stand-up comedian Robert Newman gets to grips w...
Following his 'Perrier Award' nomination and hi...
Al Murray's Pub Landlord puts the world to righ...
John Pinette has been cracking up audiences aro...
Fresh from his role in the Broadway musical hit...
Micky's sell-out Back In The Game tour was the ...
Carlos sweeps and mops the floor of an old-time...
An evening of drunken prank calls becomes a nig...
A young girl is raised in a dysfunctional famil...
                                               NaN
                                               NaN
When two youngsters meet and fall for each othe...
Not since the invention of the Internet has the...
In the middle of a routine patrol, officer Dani...
A spoof of disaster films, an asteroid is comin...
A dark and atmospheric story of female friendsh...
A ride-share driver finds himself transporting ...
Margaret Lea, a young biographer, attempts to i...
Eu Maior (Higher Self) is a Brazilian feature-l...
Led by Major John Cafferty, a squad of US soldi...
A young man navigates the bureaucracy of the Ca...
Touko Laaksonen, a decorated officer, returns h...
From a young age Magnus Carlsen had aspirations...
Sgt. Pepper’s Lonely Hearts Club Band is one of...
A witty and thoroughly engaging send-up of both...
New York City, 1977 - It was a time when the ci...
Fuglene Over Sundet is the gripping tale of the...
Takes place in a prewar Poland. A tubercular yo...
Narrates the escape of 29 political prisoners, ...
Returning home to working class Warwick, Rhode ...
A drug experiment gone wrong produces a league ...
The bizarre story takes place in Amsterdam-West...
Fifty years after a world-wide zombie epidemic ...
When a meteor lands during a beach party, it ki...
After losing his father, a teenage boy decides ...
Druids resurrect the partially mummified remain...
When his home of New Eden is destroyed by a rev...
A Bedouin village in Northern Israel. When Jali...
Anthony Keller, star of his NYC high school bas...
A British film crew attempts to boost morale du...
Lillie, a determined American woman, ventures o...
The passionate affair of a young woman trapped ...
A man becomes haunted by his past and is presen...
A personal shopper in Paris refuses to leave th...
Elise Lafontaine has a secret routine. Every mo...
After his gay cousin dies from hepatitis, young...
Fixated on romantic fantasies, a kindly and str...
Rosie Ming, a young Canadian poet, is invited t...
Ho Kam-An is a love struck dim-sum delivery boy...
A man and a boy, traveling to an unknown destin...
Every Halloween, a small hamlet in the deep woo...
John River, a brilliant police officer whose ge...
A purely observational non-fiction film that ta...
Every night, Master (Kaoru Kobayashi) is busy w...
A coast guard captain on a small Greek island i...
The historic concert appearance of the British ...
Awkward, isolated and disapproving of most of t...
To his family, François Voisin is nothing more ...
                                               NaN
A couple on the brink of divorce attempts to hi...
In 19th century Baltimore, Isabel Porter, a gir...
Ben and Maura have been married for years, and ...
In a convention of youtubers, the characters en...
A London detective tracking a serial killer fin...
          A Lion Terrorizes the City of Amsterdam.
A 91-year-old Polish Holocaust survivor donates...
After a serious sport accident in a swimming po...
Ace assassin Frank Kitchen is double crossed by...
A martial-arts expert goes after a criminal gan...
A group of young Muay Thai experts led by David...
Eric Kulhane, a member of the U.S. Kickboxing T...
When Dale Hartwell's best friend gets killed, h...
Four backpackers arrive in Thailand to party an...
Climb in the van, buckle your seat belt and han...
Lucinda Price is sent to a reform academy under...
There are limits to jokes? What is the politica...
A brave and bold indigenous girl, protector of ...
Successful at work, Fernanda is an example of w...
After Malu grows suspicious of her boyfriend Sa...
A sequel of a popular Thai film with a lesbian ...
                                               NaN
After suffering a family tragedy, Mack Phillips...
                                               NaN
When her grandfather has a car accident, Isabel...
Halliday (19), Casey (14) and baby Severino hav...
This is a story of a small town girl named Nast...
                                               NaN
A documentary film about a group of hunters who...
The six-member crew of the International Space ...
In the year 2030, the race to be the first to r...
Koizumi Risa an unusually tall high school girl...
"Pro Dia Nascer Feliz" é o segundo longa-metrag...
A biography of spiritual medium and author Fran...
Some years after their son is killed, a married...
What if the Doomsday Preppers were right all al...
Demon hunter, Jebediah Huntley teams up with an...
In an isolated community on a mythical island, ...
Rohan (Hritik roshan) is a kind, happy young ma...
Naughty brothers Zip and Zap finds themselves i...
THE RAKING tells the story of a group of colleg...
A teenager's infatuation with the new bad boy a...
Young Autism sufferer Danny enjoys the serenity...
The story of Nicholas Sand and Tim Scully, the ...
At the dawn of the 20th century, British explor...
A young street magician is left to take care of...
Sean Barker became the unwilling host to an ali...
Stand-up comedy special starring uninhibited co...
BE MORE CYNICAL was originally aired on HBO, an...
Ticked off comic Denis Leary talks honestly abo...
"Daily Show" correspondent and comedian Wyatt C...
Nick started stand up at the age of 18. In his ...
Jon Stewart performs a solo standup routine, te...
In his election special, Triumph reports from t...
When it comes to satirical observational comedy...
In his first hour-long special on Comedy Centra...
Kurt Braunohler shines a light on the hidden ab...
Oakland-bred comic and best-selling author Mosh...
Hipsters beware: there is no irony in Hardwick’...
Two high school kids mentored by a nightclub ow...
Rânia is a teenage girl who lives on Santa Tere...
High schooler Jason has found his dream girl—th...
A man without attachments or responsibilities s...
The story of the American activist struggle aga...
The story of a famously lavish five-day party h...
An eccentric mountain man on the run from the l...
Forced by poverty to seek support, the innocent...
When an unprecedented amount of sinkholes erupt...
Re-formed by a coded message to their web site,...
Born in a poor family, Tae-su learns that the p...
A demented nun sliding through morphine addicti...
Two paranormal investigators are unexpectedly t...
A lateral descent through the midnight blues an...
A postman learns that he doesn't have much time...
                                               NaN
In an ordinary industrial Soviet town, notable ...
A short, surreal movie which becomes a music vi...
Saban's Power Rangers follows five ordinary tee...
Bound for a remote planet on the far side of th...
                                               NaN
A very stylized TV version of the Fassbinder pl...
Based on Franz Xaver Kroetz's play, which is in...
A crime drama set in 1970s Boston, about a gun ...
A grief-stricken man and a bipolar woman fall i...
Five astronauts make the first manned trip to M...
A country family of five takes in cousin Julia,...
A retrospective look at the making of "World on...
A film about love and gender. This documentary ...
Angèle, a beautiful young woman with a past, ar...
Shot by a reported “1,001 Syrians” according to...
Austin to Boston follows a group of talented mu...
A documentary that explores the legends, tales,...
SA film about the time of the blast furnances -...
Eight short stories of seduction and illicit en...
Imagine a world where the trapped emotions, fea...
Twenty years after the modern world's most noto...
The story of Django Reinhardt, famous guitarist...
A girl who went missing after an accident retur...
Ten years after a tsunami destroyed a small-tow...
11 year-old Milton Adams is growing up in an un...
Suzanne Waters (Karen Abercrombie) has just pas...
Tyler Perry narrates a musical portrait of the ...
Comic sensation Amy Schumer riffs on sex, datin...
8pm in a rundown prison. A prisoner on death ro...
Daryl Graham (Lamman Rucker) has just moved int...
A comedic blend of murder, mystery and marijuan...
Leslie Fuller stars as a quack whose son qualif...
In the London of 1537, two boys resembling each...
Supported avidly by his mother and more relucta...
While her husband, the General is abroad, Lady ...
          Adaptation from the play by Oscar Wilde.
In the late 70s , during the military dictators...
In 'As You See', Farocki searches for those ins...
Temmuz is an openly gay sculptor living at a fl...
Unutursam Fisilda tells the story of the two si...
Lasse is an old racist who has lives in an apar...
Mary Lou manages to escape abduction by a prost...
Norwegian Serial SciFi... Before ALIEN - there ...
Since early childhood Peter has been obsessed w...
A classic car changes the lives of three sets o...
At the end of his life, Wilhelm Reich - psychia...
During an opulent and luxurious banquet, comple...
In the dark year 2204, the world has seen 73 ye...
An Englishman (Alec Guinness) in France unwitti...
Etienne falls in love with a sexy woman he meet...
In Enchanted Parade, Akko, Lotte and Sucy, havi...
Taken by slavers when he was a child, Himura Ke...
Angela Baker, a psychotic transsexual, escapes ...
When Harry and Spike visit Bristol to spend the...
Roman Polanski wrote the screenplay for this se...
Two brothers and their wives meet up at a haute...
Kings should be treated courteously! At least, ...
Giancarlo "Eddie" Marturano, a down and out gam...
John Milius talks about The Bridge on the River...
A group of Los Angeles cops decide to take off ...
Unimpressive, 24-year-old virgin, Eamonn (Kris ...
Set in and around the fictional town of Kapua i...
This final True-Life Adventure would also appea...
After the deadbeat brother of a businessman is ...
Leslie Nielsen once again plays a bumbling dete...
Andy "Brink" Brinker and his in-line skating cr...
20 years after a set of events, the Time Enforc...
"Mad" Mary McArdle returns to Drogheda after a ...
The crew of a medical helicopter suffers an acc...
Fedoras, mom's underpants, and puppy love all m...
10 years since the the first Alien object calle...
Disaster strikes as a specialised team of inves...
Natasha is a lonely, middle-aged admin employee...
When a change of circumstances leaves Miriam un...
An erotic amnesiac lures a police psychologist ...
Wallace and Gromit try out a number of their la...
«SLOVE» means Soldier of Love. This is how two ...
A BMX racer who lives in a small town with his ...
During a murder hunt game at a country house, t...
Two very different brothers: Gregor (32) and Pi...
A studio. A man and a woman. Moving images on t...
This fascinating documentary is based around th...
When the naked body of a teenage girl is found ...
During a weekend, two shady businessmen flee to...
An ancient Indian warrior who has reached the e...
Venturing into the wilds of China, "Born in Chi...
A nightmarish crisis occurs after a pregnant yo...
In 2009 three young men were killed in a remote...
Private eye Philip Marlowe and his bride move t...
A heinous crime tests the complex relationship ...
Feature documentary exploring the world of juni...
A beautiful and evocative portrait of Ivens' na...
Every winter, a magical snowman puts on a show ...
Ma’ Rosa has four children. She owns a small co...
   Trevor Noah stars in his first Netflix special.
Orphaned brothers Kutchek and Gore are adopted ...
A wealthy business man is a victim of an assaul...
Al Shaw's life revolves around motor racing and...
At the the Killington ski resort something has ...
The small town of Haven becomes a hot-bed of in...
One of the most legendary adventures in all myt...
Darkman, needing money to continue his experime...
An evil yet adorable Gingerbread man comes to l...
Tom Merrick (Van Dien) works as a TV reporter w...
After capturing Claw, all the criminals have go...
A scientist, Dr Holander, takes his niece Miran...
After she delivers her child in an ambulance, a...
A census-taker (Sisto) is sent to investigate w...
Now, we find the rowdy extraterrestrial getting...
Determined to avoid another night of driving ai...
Mysterious Wakanda lies in the darkest heart of...
Do you prefer to wax on or wax off? Preacher wo...
Though Eddie's fired right at Christmastime, hi...
Average Texas teen, Billie Jean Davy, is caught...
A decade has passed in the small town where the...
Janet is an over-weight girl who has a knack fo...
Muslim prince Ali and Georgian aristocrat Nino ...
A group of wayward teens at a wilderness boot c...
Fiona visits Paris for the first time to assist...
Based on a true story, The Blue Butterfly tells...
Santo, the Silver Masked, must  face terrible n...
A group of college kids travel to a small, moun...
Adult seduces and abandons a teenaged girl, she...
It's about these children mice on a farm doing ...
Documentary of an underwater archaeological exp...
At the time of this writing, Malaysia Airlines ...
Wealthy family in the 1940s have failed to chan...
In the quiet waters of the Mississippi, body pa...
                                               NaN
When Elisabeth dramatically collapses at her ow...
Hilarious romantic comedy which main essence is...
                                               NaN
A Mexican family, wanting to grant their Grandm...
In 1940's Madrid. Juan plays piano for Pepita a...
Pulp found fame on the world stage in the 1990s...
Italian gambler who is well-skilled in the card...
Melanie's life in a seaside town is going nowhe...
Initially, "Mulholland Dr." was to mark David L...
Comedy icon Dave Chappelle makes his triumphant...
There was nothing predictable about David Bowie...
Elle Marja, 14, is a reindeer-breeding Sami gir...
                                               NaN
As kids, Todd is institutionalized for a murder...
High school student Izumi Kawashima, whose dail...
The sadistic tale of a lonely, mentally handica...
A pilot is the only hope to stop the mutiny of ...
Sarah, a morose harpist in the Jerusalem Philha...
On New York's rapidly gentrifying Lower East Si...
Feature documentary about humor and the Holocau...
A dramatization of the events at Gallipoli usin...
Video footage depicting a supernatural encounte...
The story of a love relationship between a brot...
19 year old Jamie just wants someone to love. W...
In the summer, 27 year-old Sam drives towards t...
A man with plans to propose to his girlfriend h...
A retired businesswoman – who tries to control ...
The Moliere players are in their dressing room ...
Ex-con Eddie Cleary gets a job working on his o...
The adventures of two California Highway Patrol...
Eloise, having been relieved of maid of honor d...
Desperate to pay the bills and come through for...
On a romantic getaway to Iceland, a young Ameri...
Greg founded a company called Alibi.com that cr...
A C-47 transport plane, named the Corsair, make...
Comedy icon Dave Chappelle makes his triumphant...
A man takes his American freedoms for granted, ...
When a globe-trotting, workaholic father trying...
How did Sarah and Victor get along for more tha...
Gerrard Winstanley is the leader of a 17th Cent...
Short documentary about the last street car rid...
Three teenagers forced to leave their family, f...
The film is an odd retelling of the story of He...
Free adaptation of Machado de Assis' classic. T...
A clumsy angel is sent away from heaven by God ...
Documentary on director Kim Ki-Duk looking back...
On July 20, 2012, a mass shooting occurred insi...
Nellie Bly, a 23 year-old reporter for Joseph P...
After their mother ends up in jail, two sisters...
A series of 32 short scenes, uniformly set in W...
The series details the daily routines of a dull...
It's 2067, the UK is vegan, but older generatio...
An American soldier deployed at Abu Ghraib find...
Jatt is a reluctant super hero that fights crim...
A Roma boy is placed in a mental hospital and e...
A.D.: The Bible Continues is a television minis...
1989 marked the collapse of communism in Easter...
                                               NaN
                           English gangster flick.
Martín and Antoine have organized a gang of rob...
Confessions of an Eco-Terrorist (Confessions) i...
The prodigal son of a Yukon prospector comes ho...
An American scientific research facility opens ...
The fabled queen of Egypt's affair with Roman g...
The true story of Madalyn Murray O'Hair -- icon...
Videograms of a Revolution is a 1992 documentar...
Adhi and Tara are in a live-in relationship and...
Sakthivelu Nayakar (Kamal Hassan), the protagon...
In the office of Major Northfield, the quarterm...
Rocket science meets the auto industry as "APEX...
A trio of clueless minors embark on a quest to ...
On a quest for emotional healing and spiritual ...
A pirate and a hot-tempered noblewoman join for...
Set between the two World Wars and based on tru...
'People You May Know' tells the story of four f...
When Katharina got an unexpected letter from he...
A comedy about a conservative Southern mom who ...
Matias and Jeronimo know each other since child...
                                               NaN
After getting dumped by his girlfriend Tiffani ...
After Marc dumps him, Kyle unites with Gwen and...
Tiffani and her friend Casey try to lure the go...
                                               NaN
One summer, Dario flees the hellish environment...
Mike has felt alienated and alone for as long a...
Like the American classic, The Graduate - secre...
The coastal California community of Rock Haven ...
A playboy learns to love, while a virgin learns...
With a tour in Afghanistan behind him, war-torn...
Carsten is dating Melissa, who introduces him t...
Mattia is about to move to Madrid by his boyfri...
A Gulf War veteran seeks vengeance against thos...
Essayist documentary based on the film material...
Raquela, a transsexual from the Philippines, dr...
Fernando/Fernanda, a 19-year-old Brazilian tran...
is a story about elite high school seniors, the...
After New York City firefighter Terry Lynch is ...
A family decides to buy a lodge in a remote hik...
Epic fantasy-adventure meets martial arts actio...
    A group of strangers are trapped inside a bar.
                                               NaN
A biography of Charles "Pretty Boy" Floyd, a ga...
A tale of deadly deception and betrayal unfolds...
An average guy meets an actress who is more bea...
                                               NaN
This Christmas the pupils of St Bernadette's an...
A woman enters a restaurant one morning - only ...
Just as Fritz Lang’s Metropolis (1927) is testi...
Charming LA architect Harrison, also a great co...
Three twenty-something couples, one gay, one le...
1978. In a small village in Bas-St-Laurent, Guy...
When a hapless, unfunny, wanna-be comedian pick...
The student, Rifle, has managed to seduce his p...
The kingdom of Donnegold is being subverted fro...
Young Violetta and her mother Hannah are a pecu...
Short animation of a Russian folk tale, made in...
The first Russian emo-movie, Closed Spaces is a...
37 000 years ago, two neighboring tribes lived ...
Jae-Hyeok lives with his mother, his sister-in-...
Song For a Raggy Boy is a 2003 film directed by...
The Old Man and the Sea (Russian: Старик и море...
Kate is a talented photojournalist. She risks h...
People living at the seashore town are frighten...
The tale of a brief, life-altering love affair ...
                                               NaN
Closely based on Franz Kafka's book "Das Schloß...
Артем Колчин был одним из многих, но он хотел с...
High school senior Miles Walton joins the girls...
In this fully animated, all-new take on the Smu...
In the near future, due to a breakthrough scien...
Spurred by a gun incident at a school, the wome...
The boy Francisco spent his days accompanying h...
An animator's commissioned works, rejected beca...
In 1947, Lord Mountbatten assumes the post of l...
A young boy learns he is part of a powerful rac...
An idealistic, sophisticated young woman meets ...
Based on Keigo Higashino’s award-winning novel,...
The account of keepers of the Warsaw Zoo, Jan a...
Max is a Paris detective, aloof, independently ...
Set on the Russian steppes and filmed in black-...
A young doctor relocates to a remote region of ...
"A family is kidnapped by a couple who have gun...
In a polluted mangrove swamp, the locals recall...
In Acapulco, Hercule Poirot attends a dinner pa...
A former fighter reluctantly returns to the lif...
In a small town in California's San Joaquin Val...
A young shy man (Tommaso) runs down a blond gir...
Vancouver-based filmmaker and TV news veteran F...
Α tragi-comedy about 9 women of different ages ...
On the last day of summer, Louise, an old woman...
In the hazy aftermath of World War III, the fal...
Malraux went to Spain in 1936 like thousand of ...
                                               NaN
After an apocalypse of questionable origin, Pri...
In this love story with Hitchcockian overtones,...
Through concert performances and interviews, th...
Four friends break into an abandoned insane asy...
Welcome to 2020: The European Union has collaps...
Frank, a single man raising his child prodigy n...
Virginia will do the impossible in order to res...
Linor Abargil, an Israeli beauty queen, was rap...
Danny Krueger is a twenty-year old drag racer w...
Drawn from interviews with survivors of Easy Co...
Hornblower is given a dangerous mission to deli...
Tara Markov is a girl who has power over earth ...
All odds were stacked against the pit-bulls res...
Peter, a married psychotherapist, and Suzanne, ...
A hen-pecked husband with a suffragette wife dr...
          Manical portrait of a small businessman.
Louis C.K. muses on religion, eternal love, giv...
The family of the Belgian prime minister is kid...
A scientist invents a time machine but his evil...
A documentary about the band X. Includes live a...
Eevi's life isn't going the way she would want ...
                                               NaN
Mario and Ana, in voluntary exile from Buenos A...
A biopic of Indonesia’s third president, Bachar...
On the tropical island of Wongo, a tribe of bea...
A fatal plane crash changes the lives of Roman ...
A technician brings a frozen specimen of the or...
The two tradesmen Ib and Edward are tired of th...
Go behind the stage with the gothic/metal band ...
Sideways A heartwarming tale of two old friends...
A young mother with her daughter escapes child ...
                                               NaN
Milo (Damian Lewis) is a professional hit man l...
The hidden memoir of an elderly woman confined ...
The day comes when an old watchdog becomes usel...
A bush-league group of amateur filmmakers spend...
Based on the true story of an award-winning inv...
After a teenager's friends die in an accident, ...
Spark, a teenage monkey and his friends, Chunk ...
A teenager who's lived a sheltered life because...
A Heffley family road trip to attend Meemaw's 9...
Félicité, a strong and proud woman, sings in ba...
This Disney drama, originally broadcast as a th...
The long-awaited missing pieces from the origin...
Young married couple Rie (Tomoyo Harada) and Sa...
15 years ago the sea at the coast of Windholm j...
A terminally ill single mother is determined to...
Deadly dance tournament is carried out in the c...
March 1965. In the heat of the Cold War, the US...
Yuki is a 2nd year high school student. She vol...
Devoted lifeguard Mitch Buchannon butts heads w...
Julia moves in with her fiancé, David, but his ...
When her boyfriend dumps Emily, a spontaneous w...
Suffering from kidney failure, Joe, a computer ...
A Paris real estate developer who feels compell...
Symphony for the Devil was recorded Sunday Augu...
The native people of the surrealistic land of S...
Though safely entombed in a crypt deep beneath ...
                                No overview found.
When Angelino Jack Robinson gets a new job in A...
After a young woman is kidnapped, her captors s...
After her mom's death, Casey pulls away from ev...
A young couple attempts to elope, with the brid...
According to Harun Farocki, today's photographe...
12 year-­old Adama lives in a remote village in...
young prince is taken for tuition at a seaside ...
The youngest son of a legendary Hollywood produ...
The Mouse and his son are the two parts of a si...
Tim is a bit of a loner. At school he gravitate...
Kenny is an ice cream vendor in Chicago with a ...
Feature-length documentary about the making of ...
A film composed of images from prisons. Quotes ...
Víctor is a child who is found casually roaming...
Granny O'Grimm, a seemingly sweet old lady, los...
When a mysterious woman seduces Dom into the wo...
They loved each other with the ardor of thirtee...
A rich young Easterner who has always wanted to...
After Porn Ends 2 picks up where it's predecess...
Deep into Hell Week, a favored pledgee is torn ...
Shizuoka Miyakonojo is a middle-aged paparazzi ...
Li Xuelian, a woman from the countryside is fal...
Featuring some of the most spectacular, innovat...
A deep space mining vessel has been adrift for ...
Workplace drama doesn’t get any messier than in...
Sandy Wexler (Adam Sandler) is a talent manager...
Regent Horthy is the leader of Hungary and a Ge...
A doctor desperately tries to save his wife and...
Princess Odette, Prince Derek and their trusted...
Renee Saccard is a pampered, selfish young wife...
Controversial hedge fund titan Bill Ackman is o...
This is the story of the Tokyo Trial - the inte...
A look at how mall producers design malls in or...
After a terrible virus ravages human civilizati...
A romance between an MI6 code genius and an ord...
   A New York tale about love, loss… and vampires.
Soon after moving in with her aging aunt Dora, ...
                                               NaN
A runaway bride and an undercover reporter get ...
The satellite has vanished and the only clue is...
After encountering a ghost in his family's vaca...
Kai (Jack Yao), who works at his parent's noodl...
Trainer Oronzo Canà is called to manage Longoba...
Based on Paolo Villaggio's books "Fantozzi" and...
Michele Apicella lives in Rome, in an apartment...
A gambling addict faces a conflict when entrust...
Two mischievous kids hypnotize their mean eleme...
A group of friends embark on an adventure to fi...
A couple who can't stop fighting embark on a la...
Secure within a desolate home as an unnatural t...
The true story of Marine Corporal Megan Leavey,...
A young Englishman plots revenge against his my...
Krystal and her twin brother/roommate confront ...
Upon his return home, a U.S. Marine must face u...
Blindsided by a new generation of blazing-fast ...
An unlikely romance in which the reclusive Ever...
BSAA Chris Redfield enlists the help of governm...
Hosting a new exhibit, artist Nikki Wickersham,...
Three families compete for a camping spot durin...
Dorante, an impoverished young man, is taken on...
From the Sea to the Land Beyond is a film about...
In the fourth installment of the fighting franc...
Liv is an eleven year-old Olso girl who begins ...
The decade of the hippies is at an end and the ...
A Dutch woman escapes her family life in search...
Documentation of 1967 Los Angeles Easter Sunday...
This short animation is about the darkroom betw...
While working as an EMT back stateside Jake Car...
After the tragic deaths of her husband and daug...
A group of 7 youngsters-4 guys and 3 girls deci...
A heavily medicated woman returns to her hometo...
Desperate to be free from her drunken, unloving...
An early version of the classic, based more on ...
Set in the 70's in rural India, four 9th grade ...
An short movie that is illustrated in black and...
In this adventure, Lupin III tries to erase the...
Manny has moved to a new school, and it's not e...
Rufus is a dog but turns into a human with a pe...
Naomi Watts stars as Susan, a single mother of ...
                                               NaN
David Attenborough presents a documentary serie...
Newlywed Suzu Urano moves to her new life in Ku...
Bored and restless, Alice spends much of her ti...
A teenage girl helps investigators reconstruct ...
Some time after a space mission to Mars ends in...
Lee, a former Western film icon, is living a co...
Brazilian speed-thrash-death metal band Sepultu...
John 'Concrete' Hong has one night to fight his...
Writer and urban activist Jane Jacobs fights to...
Interviews with four women who were important t...
                                               NaN
A group of guys capture a young girl with the i...
Claire and Maurice have to take the whole famil...
                                No overview found.
An 83-minute candid look into the life of Kubri...
An American sniper and his spotter engage in a ...
It is based on the true story of Michael Franck...
In order to escape from the mob, an African-Ame...
It's Friday morning at Panamerican Machinery In...
                                               NaN
                                               NaN
Reveals the shared narratives found in individu...
In a dark future wasteland, the great cities ha...
In an abandoned prison, a doctor has revived ex...
Four petty criminals, three men and a woman, wa...
A series of murders eliminates the poverty-stri...
One year after their break-up, Nikos locks Sofi...
Maxi thinks is life is perfect. He is a famous ...
Simon, son of the king, must flee when the empi...
A married womans husband with a perfect life ch...
A lot of confusion and mixed situations between...
A photographer and her girlfriend are roommates...
Master martial artist Masahiro Kai is a shadow ...
20 years after three teenagers disappeared in t...
A story about four spanish people who see thems...
An African-American woman becomes an unwitting ...
Charlie and his partner are to deliver a piano ...
Boiling Point (original title Kiehumispiste) de...
A man believes his life is a movie watched by a...
Ellen Branford, a high-powered attorney, finds ...
In every generation, a torch passes from father...
Former Italian Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi...
In a future where most humans have moved underg...
In the almost six decades that Bown worked for ...
                                               NaN
A music-mad 16-year-old outcast at a rugby-mad ...
Flatland is a two-dimensional universe occupied...
Two young women find themselves in a dark room ...
                             A journey into night.
A double leg amputated woman sits and writes a ...
A nameless woman (Marion Cotillard) enters her ...
A young street artist in East Los Angeles is ca...
An "underground" cartoonist contends with life ...
Mike O'Donoghue's parody of "Mondo Cane" showca...
A young Turkish woman living in Vienna feels in...
American short subject documentary film in blac...
Two days in the life of priest Father Fred Stad...
In 2009, students of all walks of life at the A...
Performing at the Celebrity Star Theater in Pho...
Recorded at Carnegie Hall, New York City in 198...
George Carlin's first ever comedy special, film...
George Carlin brings his comedy back to New Jer...
George Carlin hits the boards with the former H...
Fields plays "Larsen E. Whipsnade", the owner o...
Carny con artist and snake-oil salesman Eustace...
George Carlin changes his act by bringing polit...
Charlie Murphy: I Will Not Apologize is a live ...
When young Victor's pet dog Sparky (who stars i...
A genre-defying mixture of horror, sci-fi, myth...
Based on the vaudeville by M. Staritsky Svirid ...
As the Lich King's zombie legions ravage the wo...
Keung has a pregnant wife but he has been unemp...
                                               NaN
A tough-as-nails detective embarks on a relentl...
Comedian Henry Phillips is lured to LA by a ren...
Renowned documentary filmmaker D.A. Pennebaker ...
A time travel experiment that was supposed to p...
A Bigfoot-type creature befriends Paul, a young...
A young widow on a trip to the backwoods stumbl...
Set in a futuristic environment, "Mars et Avril...
Inspired by the true events of a couple vacatio...
The film Supervention addresses all aspects of ...
Sam, a door-to-door salesman, travels through t...
An aging Latin lover gets dumped by his sugar m...
Ninja Bachelor Party is a 1991 low-budget comed...
Steve Coogan and Rob Brydon embark on a road tr...
Phobia 2 is composed of five short movie segmen...
A family moves into a new house where they grad...
In this Thai thriller set in New York City, thr...
Wound is a supernatural horror that explores th...
In this erotic spy tale private eye Cody Abilen...
Double agent Picasso Trigger is assassinated in...
Donna and Taryn are federal drug enforcement ag...
A South American gunrunner uses an island in Ha...
The courtroom and publicity battles between the...
Brigsby Bear Adventures is a children's TV show...
In a portrait of his New York relatives, one of...
Michele is a mathematics professor who just sta...
Deadpan twin comics Keith and Kenny Lucas take ...
A young man and woman find love in an unlikely ...
The life and career of an actor, artist, and ic...
Commissioned by the San Francisco Mime Troupe a...
Lewis Black stars in his second HBO solo specia...
In his ninth comedy special, Lewis Black tears ...
The Emmy nominated, Grammy-winning Lewis Black ...
Lewis Black goes on tirade after tirade about s...
                  Robin Williams stand up special.
Andy Kaufman's legendary sold-out Carnegie Hall...
He's the Pavarotti of Puns, the Domingo of Drol...
"The cleverest, funniest, most cliché-free come...
       Katt Williams performs in Cincinnati, Ohio.
Stand-up comedian Katt Williams stars in this f...
Americas 1 comedian Katt Williams brings to sta...
In "Deadbeat Hero," Stanhope tackles all of the...
Not all stand-up comedy is spot-cleaned and pre...
A crew of heroes is determined to save the lost...
Six sexy women, and a teenage girl, devastate a...
Existential study on a misplaced workers and ex...
A look at John Hinkley's 1981 assassination att...
Three students at a Swedish university make a d...
Set during the occupation of Iraq, a squad of U...
The paths of two girls cross one evening in Lju...
Al Capone - The quintessential self-made Americ...
Samuele is 16 and has a passion for skateboardi...
                                               NaN
Nearly 20 years after his death and in the run-...
While investigating a smugglers' turf war in Ca...
British director Chris Cunningham has drawn acc...
The Jacksons are your average working-class fam...
Short documentary / tribute to the late, truly ...
A long forgotten ancient spacecraft discovered ...
A group of people converge on a barren Arctic i...
A keen observation of a sun-dappled and still-w...
A mysterious DJ is sent to a city block to mend...
Lil Rel Howery describes how he found out that ...
An astronaut (Anthony Dexter) and crew land on ...
Giant of cinema, the embodiment of creation, Or...
Robert Oppel's documentary about the life and m...
Guerilla filmmaker Brendan Toller unleashes I N...
A modern day musical telling of the ministry of...
A leftist revolutionary or a reformist democrat...
A crack in the world has started... we have 24 ...
Deals with the life, work, and tragic death of ...
The nano-plague that poisoned Earth’s water sup...
Czechoslovakia 1918. The newly formed National ...
125 Years Memory (海難1890 Kainan ) is a 2015 dra...
                                               NaN
Three boys are having their higher education in...
                                               NaN
                                               NaN
                                               NaN
A love story between a poor man and a rich girl...
Salih and Gürkan, two cousins from Ankara, are ...
The road runner movie of two clever cheaters tu...
A good man trys to help a blind girl to see aga...
                                               NaN
                                               NaN
                                               NaN
                                               NaN
It is full of joy and kindness, it tells the li...
                                               NaN
                                               NaN
                                               NaN
                                               NaN
The story line follows a wealthy family with th...
Esra, Didem ve Zeynep çok yakın arkadaş olmalar...
                                               NaN
                                               NaN
In this romantic comedy Kemal Sunal plays the t...
                                               NaN
Tarkan Versus the Vikings, Turkey’s answer to t...
A story about a poor and guilt guy who is being...
                                               NaN
Late 19th century in Alexandria. Two traditiona...
After the horrific death of his wife and two so...
French border cop José Fernandez has just one l...
Ancient Rome, during the time of Emperor Nero. ...
A determined young woman and a damaged occultis...
Yu-Siang is blind – but he has a superb sense o...
Contemporary Russia. Mitya and Alisa are set to...
The Heart of the Game captures the passion and ...
Present time. A squad of young soldiers of the ...
Max falls into the hands of a "happy" horoscope...
MY ITALIAN SECRET tells a heroic story that was...
In real life, Kwon Yoo is unemployed, but in th...
Doo-Sik (Jo Jung-suk) gets paroled from prison ...
The story of two very different boys in the Can...
Men capture the creature from the Black Lagoon ...
A short film depicting the execution of Mary, Q...
A bat flies into an ancient castle and transfor...
Movie follows the activities of the Heroic Corp...
“Interior of Barber Shop. Man comes in, takes o...
Set at the turn of the century, this is the tal...
This time on New Year, the favourite heroes of ...
Dangerous Men has many characters like Mina who...
Shura journalist comes to the Caucasus to shoot...
Young girl Masha accidentally discovers the org...
Americans decided to make sure that in the Arkh...
After the devastating Spitak earthquake of Dece...
Advertising executive Dale Hunter (Michael Muhe...
A shaman from the South American rain forest vi...
After failing to apprehend the terrorist behind...
Aka: 252: Signal of Life\n At some point in the...
Astronomer Dr. Carl Sagan is host and narrator ...
Set in 1950s Tuscany, Voice from the Stone is t...
Based on the novel Winterkill, by William Judso...
A disgraced former cop, fresh off a six-year pr...
TROMA crew are the only folks capable of stoppi...
A man, shaken by fate after his wife's death, c...
When a boy is framed after an act of senseless ...
Teresa (Geraldine Chaplin) and Peter (Per Oscar...
A trio of naive, but eager young Midwestern wom...
                                               NaN
Рафшан и Джумжуд, гастарбайтеры из Нубарашена, ...
It's April of 1986. Pripyat, Ukraine. A core me...
'305' is a mockumentary detailing the misadvent...
A woman goes to a back alley abortion clinic, o...
The film describes the life of homeless people ...
Aaaron, a Kansas transplant is alone in New Yor...
Prabhas (Prabhas) has a childhood sweetheart na...
A 19th-century inventor is close to perfecting ...
A behind-the-scenes look at the building of the...
September 18, 1980, 6:25 p.m., Titan II base in...
David Lean had great faith in his regular film ...
The plot is set in modern Moscow, in the 1990s,...
On TV a new reality show, "Pionerlager", has st...
         A third part of "The Best Movie" trilogy.
Still guilt-ridden over the accident that took ...
Performing the traditional New Year's call on t...
A documentary on the life of the late filmmaker...
An extremely lovely tribute to Ozu, on the 20th...
Sochi, Russia. The day before wedding Katya fin...
Vadim is an ordinary office worker with no pros...
Contemporary Moscow. Danya, a struggling actor,...
For a successful DPS officer time to start a fa...
“A scene representing Southern plantation life ...
A documentary based on Cheech and Chong's "Ligh...
During the 1950s, a private school in the south...
                                               NaN
Carol, a 12 year old Spanish-American girl from...
Legendary New York graffiti artist Lee Quinones...
Jane, a high school teenager, tries to deal wit...
Chiba appears seven days before a person dies a...
When terrorists take our nation hostage, a rogu...
The alien criminal from the first movie is dead...
Travel plans for three men in ill-fitting weddi...
Fraternal twin sisters Emma and Lilly are as di...
Terror from within by Yury Felshtinsky and Alex...
Petra Epperlein and Michael Tucker (Gunner Pala...
A mysterious disappearance of a young woman lea...
A British Special Boat Service commando tracks ...
Dragon is a bloody dictator, who kills every op...
Stranded along a sublime river fjord in norther...
Bad girl Amy, 17, is given one last chance by h...
The separation of a long married couple goes aw...
When Mahendra, the son of Bahubali, learns abou...
The film is based on the eponymous book by Emma...
Little baby needs his pacifier, but loses it du...
Kate, a depressed thirty-something who unsucces...
When small town drifter Sammy Barlach drives in...
The human race is thrown into chaos as an alien...
30 year old child enters the new city, riding o...
An investigative expose of the inner workings i...
She's savagely upbeat. Lovably awkward. And ful...
This is a great performance. Through yelling an...
Get ready to scream with laughter! Sam Kinison'...
This documentary praises comedian Richard Pryor...
This rousing world-famous concert is regarded b...
Now, the complete truth can be told...Devo, the...
Stylish film of the British progressive rock ba...
Electric Apricot is a spoof of jam bands center...
A barrel of radioactive waste is lost out in th...
After an accident, an unconscious and charming ...
The filmmakers were given remarkable freedom to...
An overview of the early years--late 1970s, ear...
A 2002 stand-up comedy DVD starring comedian Pa...
                                               NaN
                                               NaN
Dry, wry and hilariously deadpan, Steven Wright...
Iconoclast Lenny Bruce appears at San Francisco...
On the heels of their enormously popular TV sho...
Whilst growing up in rural Thailand, a young or...
Documentary about marijuana use, culture and la...
For fans of comedy, Sam Kinison needs no introd...
Before his sold-out arena shows and hit cable T...
A documentary that celebrates and examines an u...
A 47 year old real estate salesman gets trapped...
SACCO AND VANZETTI is an 80-minute-long documen...
Stand-Up comedian Dana Gould performs his one-h...
Harold Gern, a successful businessman from New ...
A financial schemer finds himself in the middle...
Dana Carvey headlines his first HBO solo specia...
An intimate portrait of the legendary bass guit...
2002 HBO Stand-up Special starring Robin Willia...
A TV talk-show hostess and her boyfriend invest...
Actors David Chaing and Alexander Fu Sheng join...
August 1715. After going for a walk, Louis XIV ...
Strana Glukhikh is about an unusual relationshi...
                                               NaN
Titeuf is a comic series created by Swiss draug...
Gahan Wilson: Born Dead, Still Weird is an insi...
The town of Leffert's Corners has been plagued ...
A mother travels to Patagonia with her autistic...
A detective goes undercover in a small Russian ...
A time-travel experiment in which a robot probe...
Henri Verneuil was born Achod Malakian of Armen...
Ten years ago, five students joined a martial a...
The Space Shuttle returns to earth, but some of...
Zhenya and Nadya go their separate ways. Nadya ...
Vadik Volnov (Garik Kharlamov) dies on his own ...
Remake film. Russian drama school domination. I...
Nuvvostanante Nenoddantana is a Family and Love...
Angelina lives in a big city on the sea coast, ...
Dev and Maya are both married to different peop...
Two aliens who crash on Earth must find a burie...
The remake of famous Russian comedy "Dzhentlmen...
A funny fantasy about mangers, hobbits and othe...
This short film continues the adventures of the...
A gangster sets out to fulfill his father's dre...
Imagine Wes Anderson's Bottle Rocket fused with...
A young gangster forced into trafficking girls ...
Belle, her little sister, and her comatose twin...
During the Civil War, at a Southern girls’ boar...
Comprised entirely of archival footage taken du...
After being coerced into working for a crime bo...
A young girl named Mija risks everything to pre...
The film is a graphic depiction of the war atro...
A tomato is planted, harvested and sold at a su...
Eder (Lázaro Ramos) is arrested after confessin...
The story of Orisbela, a young and religious wo...
Laid-off old mannequins spend their cracked and...
                      The last film of Jean Gabin.
This short ‘free’ film, shot in the glass facto...
With nowhere else to hide, a group of mercenari...
The lackluster and plodding Bolweiser has the (...
After his mother flees the family home, a son t...
Documentary about the famous Serbian athlete an...
Seeking a better life, a Hungarian woodcutter m...
Surrounded by a few party officials, Alexei Iva...
A group of veterans wake up after a night of pa...
After awakening in a mental asylum, a patient p...
WE GO ON tells the story of one man's quest to ...
Jane is a beautiful but troubled American girl ...
                      Directed by Slavko Spionjak.
The story of Daemonium begins in an alternate u...
Young couple living in the old house suddenly d...
A hunting vacation goes horribly awry for 4 fri...
Wrath of the crows is very gory and brutal, but...
In the third installment of the hit Nazi Zombie...
The Enemy (Serbian: Neprijatelj) is the Serbian...
The story is loosely based on a 17th century er...
Lullaby is a menacing story full of humor and s...
In this movie we follow fate not a person but c...
                                               NaN
When MP's wife Grace Goodwin is found naked on ...
Eugene, an aging man, leads a double life – one...
They are neither adults nor kids - somewhere in...
A funny musical comedy about an adventures of c...
A single mother struggles to pay the rent and p...
Two not quite similar men, our contemporaries, ...
After discovering a time tunnel to 1960-ies a j...
                                               NaN
A story about an orphan boy, abandoned by his f...
Woo Yeong-min retired from the police force aft...
Toshiaki Nagashima is a biologist who is doing ...
Street vendor Marcia is scraping together a liv...
An inexplicable crack in the Pyrenees Mountains...
A wealthy landowner, "The Dauphin," enjoys a de...
This Portuguese drama examines the daily life m...
The story revolves around Kansai-area high scho...
Afghanistan, 2006, Helmand Province becomes one...
Five best friends from college reunite 10 years...
Marc, a successful, ambitious man, is diagnosed...
Through interwoven character dramas spanning th...
Royal Marine A.J Budd awakes in a mysterious ho...
An inventor comes up with a time machine, but m...
Ignored by his alcoholic parents, Jimmy Wilson ...
Nathan, 16, lives alone with his father Stephan...
A washed up actor who played Mindhorn, a secret...
In São Paulo, in the late 1960s, the convent of...
                                               NaN
Three inept night watchmen, aided by a young ro...
A Scottish chaplain embarks on an epic journey ...
From the director of Generation Iron, comes the...
When a mining colony is taken over by genetical...
The 25th Anniversary performance – filmed at Lo...
At the mouth of the Amazon River, a murder tria...
A young man returns to his ex-girlfriend and tr...
Basically we just drove around aimlessly, stopp...
Vam i ne snilos... A movie about two high schoo...
After a night of partying, Vicente is involved ...
A young man's life is turned upside down when h...
Thom Andersen's remarkable and sadly neglected ...
India's most wanted Black Money agent, Vicky Ch...
Set in Shanghais Gangster era of the early 1900...
Chaz Davenport is a dashing bachelor who owns w...
During the opening of the Eiffel Tower at the P...
When mailman Bridd Takes his sexy date Charlott...
3 interlocking stories from the dark days of Wo...
The violent death of an unpopular village resid...
Vicki Maloney is randomly abducted from a subur...
This first ever DVD from Nick Cave and The Bad ...
The services of shark killer have been engaged ...
This down-to-earth story that takes place in th...
When Clawdeen dreams of opening a salon made fo...
The ghouls are taking a bite out of Boo York! T...
It’s a new school year at Monster High™, and th...
Monsters once lived in hiding—even from each ot...
Lurk what's waiting for the Monster High ghouls...
See what happens when the student bodies of an ...
While attempting to help Frankie Stein learn mo...
SKRM (Skultimate Roller Maze) is an annual tour...
When Draculaura is led to believe she's the rig...
It's officially Spring Break at Monster High, a...
Draculaura’s Sweet 1600th birthday is an extra ...
Monster High: Ghouls Rule unearths an old confl...
When a professional thief sees his lifetime goa...
Captured Hearts, an insane serial killer/horror...
Fed up with the hectic, senseless world he live...
A man and a woman are together on the 'Chrysali...
The fourth generation of the virus SARS is foun...
Computer programmer/beekeeper Jacob gets a "tel...
A young bride who comes from a rich family has ...
Spider-Plant Man is a parody of Spider-Man, mad...
A bandleader falls in love and marries a small ...
Straight out of Jersey comes Patricia Dombrowsk...
The true story of Edward Gein, the farmer whose...
Evie's co-workers at the uniform shirt factory,...
An animated short film based on the 1877 short ...
A short comedy by the Coen brothers which was p...
                                               NaN
To call or not to call? For young Cora it's not...
                                     Feature film.
When a high school football star is suddenly st...
Zhenya and Boris are going through a vicious di...
A girl's obsession with her brother's disappear...
Before Dawn charts the years of exile in the li...
Based on Kafka's story of the same name, "The M...
Summer of 1939. Zosia is a young Polish girl wh...
Eight different greetings and situations on Mar...
A vampire, who works as a teacher, searches for...
The romantic story set during the construction ...
A man meets the daughter of his lover and they ...
An unexpected blizzard threatens the Parton fam...
A prominent New York doctor (Kay Francis), unab...
Clifton Webb as a strict, conservative father h...
This Lost World is a splendid BBC TV dramatisat...
WWII has ended and Hanna is still grieving over...
A whole Bobrov family suddenly become superhero...
1974 American documentary film directed by Herb...
Tony Palmer tells the life story of Sergei Rach...
An imaginative teenager decides to play matchma...
After fast-paced New York City high-end real es...
A working girl shares her apartment with an art...
Half-Indian girl brought up in a wealthy househ...
Jennifer and Kevin are childhood best friends w...
This movie is about a woman who is trying to re...
The first woman to appear in front of an Edison...
LA homicide detective Gene Handsome's knack for...
Everyone thinks that Bob Kane created Batman, b...
"Conversations with God" is the true story of N...
The drama recounts the life and career of unpar...
A district attorney is kidnapped by a criminal ...
In 20 years’ time, there will be nearly 1.6 bil...
Two friends are army officers, and the turbulen...
The continuation of a funny adventures of the h...
                                No overview found.
Is it fun to be panda? May be... But not for Mi...
The feelings of Phil and Pyotr are really mixed...
                         Scandal: Sex@students.edu
Vera and Nikita have been married for 3 years. ...
It is late spring of 1942, and the Great Patrio...
A thrilling love story between the young boxer ...
Pavel's mother hates his fiancee. When Pavel se...
The film is based on the eponymous book, writte...
Diego is a doctor so used to working in extreme...
Two former orphans tied their fate with the maf...
Russian poet, singer and actor Vladimir Vysotsk...
Takahata Shun's day at high school begins just ...
This film details the hacking of the Ashley Mad...
In Dallas, witnesses against a drug-lord are mu...
A young man is taken aboard a seal-hunting vess...
      A look at the life of an aging insult comic.
A mother and her son plan a surprise visit to L...
The life of a contestant on a 'Bachelorette' st...
A Taiwanese drug mule hires an eccentric cab dr...
A skeptical grad student and a renowned paranor...
John Whitmore wakes to find his wife, Anne, has...
Detective Inspector William Wagstaffe (Tom Rile...
Three ghost-hunting high-schoolers visit the Mo...
He's an unemployed guy who earns some money by ...
Petersburg. A Selfie comprises seven novellas a...
Olga, Katya, and Andrey have known each other s...
A two days from the life of Pyotr Drozdov, a hi...
The plot concerns an American astronaut, Frank ...
Although scientists and agribusiness have start...
Five interconnected stories set in modern-day I...
A shy introvert falls for the photographer who ...
Dr. Syd has a good practice in the big city but...
In the late 1800s, Miss Pilgrim, a young stenog...
First responders, journalists, shop owners, tho...
A three newly wedded pairs are traveling to a w...
Our three hapless heroes - Igor, Artyom, and Sa...
Based on a novel by Vladimir Nabokov, this Engl...
Two adventurers and best friends, Roland and Ma...
A famous artist strives to find the secret of e...
Sascha lives in a village on the Kola Peninsula...
Kind and lazy Jenya comes to Moscow from small ...
After a few years in a big world Kolya is retur...
In this gentle comedy, an unpopular resident in...
A princess was so beautiful and had such golden...
'Night Shift' really knocked me out. I hesitate...
An ice hockey star is accosted by a youth gang ...
When Thomas Platz is suddenly made the guardian...
A commitment-phobic man reunites with his estra...
When Chinese-Australian teenager Lawrence cheat...
                                No overview found.
Set in San Ernesto, California with only three ...
After his last girlfriend slept with his last r...
When a professional wingman falls for a profess...
Three rookie sailors who have just completed ba...
Sparks and bullets fly when a Wall Street yuppi...
In the final film of the series, Chip and his "...
Tony Stilano and Trev Spackneys both own, live ...
About Charlie Jones, a washed up, ex major leag...
An average New York accountant tries to fill th...
1964 DEFA, East German Film by Konrad Wolf base...
Dr. Charlie Keegan is ordered to serve 6 months...
In his newest election special, Triumph reports...
Based on the change a rapidly growing town face...
Kelly's grandpa invites the whole clique to his...
Six years ago, the space alien, ALF, was on his...
Dave has been enjoying life until he receives a...
An Italian temptress arrives at a school in New...
At Fallbrook Middle School, the annual student-...
Puck Hogs follows a men's recreational hockey t...
Based on a true story, American Marine Jason Jo...
To prove his brother's innocence, undercover of...
Too insecure to approach the girl of his dreams...
Pendelton "Penny" Wise is a smooth-talking con-...
After graduating from high school, lovable geek...
Ryan and Pete are 27-year old best friends in M...
American football coach Chuck Dichter has worke...
Newspaper reporter Rebecca Chandler, who feels ...
Carolinian Blake Beckett (Pepper Sweeney), the ...
A teenager pursues his childhood dream of becom...
Dr. Jonas Carson, a scientist, invents Chip, an...
Did you ever wish you could get the hottest gir...
Sixteen-year-old Dylan is dying of cancer. When...
The Night Before is a 1988 film starring Keanu ...
The film goes behind the scenes of the 1999 sci...
A high school romantic comedy about freshman Vi...
After his wife leaves him, middle-aged Ben Bing...
A romantic comedy set in the Southern Californi...
Mary is a sophisticated pastry chef who's strug...
Set in Hong Kong and Vancouver, the story follo...
A delightful romantic comedy about about a guar...
A second-generation male maid fights to save th...
The story of two college graduates from the Mid...
Michel Vaillant is # 1 of pilots, undisputed ch...
A high school baseball coach and a down-on-his-...
Chip, the android boy is back. This time, he is...
Because she is marrying the man who assumed the...
Julia and Rich are about to get married, but Ri...
A romantic comedy about a depressed salesman co...
De film gaat over een Vlaamse boer, Kamiel Spie...
Shaquille has grown up below the radar and beli...
George and Ursula now have a son, George Junior...
Danny and Phil O'Donnell are chronically undera...
Two foreign exchange high-school students are k...
The story of a teenage boy coming of age in a s...
A successful, big city girl returns to her smal...
A young man of the rock and roll generation is ...
After a fight with his wife, who's leaving him,...
Charlie thinks he's met the perfect woman, but ...
Meet Ralph, charismatic New York adman about to...
      The Keaton Family goes on a Family Vacation.
A male-centric take on contemporary relationshi...
Levi Collins is set to go to the local Universi...
Racing is in Alex Johnstone's (Mircea Monroe) b...
An ancient stone amulet and calendar disc has t...
Sierra Young is a rising ingénue, making $10 mi...
The son of a '70s rock star has to meet stringe...
A hilarious collection of some of the best Triu...
The Last Man On Earth is about two teenagers ex...
Hector's parents sent him to an orphanage in tr...
When a group of ruthless mercenaries kill a rec...
While other kids buy into countless hours of st...
The story concerns a hapless civil servant who ...
Cousins Bo, Luke and Daisy are sent to Hazzard ...
A girl from New York attends a college in Atlan...
When Justin's girlfriend of 5 years leaves him ...
Coming &amp; Going is an irreverent romantic co...
A titillating teen comedy, a young surfer and h...
Chris Rock, the three-time Emmy Award-winner, c...
High-octane romance set in the recognizable - a...
In this holiday romantic comedy, a mysterious w...
College students on a field trip encounter terr...
A 22 year old man who has lived inside a crysta...
Swedish Lucas moves from Stockholm to a small N...
Greyhawks Rugby Club is under threat from land ...
The agent for the Devil takes the soul of a hig...
A Secret Service agent and his brother, a reckl...
For some, the lives we have are not always the ...
George Murray's fiancée Jane Gardner gets cold ...
Maria Laura "Mala" is an actress with little lu...
Can an university computer scientist (Cavanagh)...
When a fiercely competitive 30 year old rower f...
Seth McArdle (Samuel Davis) is a high school se...
Life could not be better for best friends Neal ...
A young aspiring rock guitarist is forced to be...
                            Love on the front page
Marina wins a paradise vacation for two, but wh...
When 9-year-old Abel assumes his absent father'...
A woman on the brink of a marriage proposal is ...
Roughly chronological, from 3/96 to 11/96, with...
A2 is a continuation of director Tatsuya Mori's...
Captain Ludwig Herckel a devoted and patriotic ...
Tamala is a cat living on Planet Cat Earth in t...
Timothy Higgins, the saddest boy in the world, ...
Four evil wizards succeeded to become young by ...
                                               NaN
Krabat, a beggar boy, is lured to become an app...
The film tells the tale of a widowed film direc...
When Artem Kolchin, Denis Nikiforov, arrives in...
22 minutes got Russian marine to free a hijacke...
One Nation Under A Groove - P-Funk Documentary ...
An aircraft designer becomes a ghost after a su...
During WWII a Soviet artillery unit is fighting...
                                               NaN
Young Matthias was in school assignment to writ...
Third film based on Boris Akunin's "Priklucheni...
Every day, they steal your strength, your emoti...
An assassin helps a young woman avenge the deat...
After getting approval to sell the old mansion ...
A documentary-style short film about the arriva...
On a winter morning, a mother goes to waken her...
A funny comedy about three young girls and one ...
Virgil Guppy buys a sleek-looking used Jaguar, ...
Enraged, a teacher murders a young female pupil...
Using a conventional Western story with an all ...
Paul is married to Sali. Everything would be fi...
Professor Irwin Corey is now 101 years old and ...
                                               NaN
Beatriz, an immigrant from a poor town in Mexic...
A documentary that examines the films made by t...
Paul and Jennifer Hemdale have just moved into ...
From his days of testifying at the Watergate he...
Five young people wake up dead. Washed up by th...
Julia is incredibly talented. She can become a ...
A Star-ship discovers a dead alien space craft....
ROCK N ROLL NERD is an intimate tale that chart...
The story of Kat Stanton (Kidman), an Australia...
Before going on an overseas journey, a merchant...
A dramatization of the life of Sen. Joseph McCa...
Life Cycles tells a spectacular story of the bi...
A boy and a girl fall in love during summer cam...
                                               NaN
Perth is the journey into the heart of Harry Le...
Maya is living the ultimate fashionistas dream:...
Day of the Full Moon, a series of vignettes fro...
A prequel to the first animated/live-action Cas...
Jacobo is a young sculptor that returns to nati...
Mia and the Migoo (French: Mia et le Migou) is ...
Three freedom fighters attack a large corporati...
                                               NaN
A touching story about a white Gordon Setter wi...
A big mall security guard becomes friend with t...
Vera is a TV star, her fiancé Constantine - a p...
When a 7-year-old son of the well-known busines...
From multicultural Paris to designer Paris, Mon...
With friends like these, who needs enemies? Tha...
A funny comedy about the adventures of the peop...
The continuation of the adventures of the heroe...
Two young Russian historians are going to Ukrai...
"World Builder" is a short film by Bruce Branit...
In this sequel of Lovey-Dovey Andrey and Marina...
Our three hapless heroes - Igor, Artyom, and Sa...
The film tells a story of an agent betrayed by ...
After a stunning victory at a cyber sport tourn...
Chow Yun-Fat plays Ko Chun, an extremely talent...
Journey 80 million years back in time to an age...
                                               NaN
Two escaped convicts pose as children's summer ...
When fame-seeking reality show bounty hunter, B...
Two new female police officers struggle to surv...
In good old days Franz Maurer and his partners ...
Franz Maurer, a compromised cop, former officer...
A detachment of the Polish IFOR forces in Bosni...
Gru and his wife Lucy must stop former '80s chi...
Beksiński is a gentle man with arachnophobia, d...
On 3 April 2004, during the holiday of Ashura, ...
On his downfall from Heaven to Hell, Lucifer pa...
An aging opera star (Zajaczkowska) reluctantly ...
Natalia Brożyńska's animation debut, about dram...
This gripping documentary follows the trial of ...
                                               NaN
During the mayoral election, two ex-prisoners d...
Two men, arty though somewhat staid, are drawn ...
A group of friends on a stag weekend in the mou...
As glam rock's most flamboyant survivors, X Jap...
When a radio falls from the sky into the hands ...
A university professor, who wants to slow down ...
Funny adventures of the clumsy fellow whom his ...
Nevalyashka is a young and very successful boxe...
       The remake of famous Commando (1985) movie.
                                               NaN
                      No movie overview available.
The continuation of the adventures of Fyodor an...
A third movie about Fyodor and his friends from...
The multigenerational saga of the rise and fall...
Now the peculiarities of the national hunt are ...
Gerard Depardieu plays a sleazy Paris nightclub...
A wooden boy Buratino tries to find his place i...
A community of Cajun fishermen living around a ...
Clover is finishing a veterinary course when he...
A heartbroken woman, desperate for a brighter m...
Four desperate teenagers. A night of sexy mayhe...
Zhang Ziyi plays the youngest of three generati...
An old Viking is determined to reach Valhalla, ...
A prying neighbor, a glassy-eyed drug dealer, a...
A solitary man works in a tall office building....
A bright, talented and lonely long-distance run...
A young guy from province arrives to Moscow and...
When mysterious Russian bandit named Artist cam...
A funny comedy based on famous Brandon Thomas' ...
Lee Gang-sik sits in jail with a life sentence ...
Believing that the world will end that very day...
Simon's cat follows the silent-movie-like adven...
Holiday Themed Myths. Can the Mythbusters reall...
Abandoned by her mother, young Ichiko leaves he...
Adventures of Captain Vrungel is a 1981 Soviet ...
Ewa lives in Poland, Jakub in Germany. Her worl...
In a near future, the world order has changed. ...
Hercules must save his true love from an evil q...
S&amp;Man (also known as Sandman) is a 2006 pse...
When recently widowed, it is difficult to get u...
                                               NaN
When an artifact known as the "King's Seal" is ...
With Reconversão (Reconversion), Thom Andersen ...
England in the 1520s is a heartbeat from disast...
Prince Charles' accession to the throne followi...
Four old friends decide to have a meeting in or...
                                               NaN
A very typical post-Soviet era storyline. A bun...
                                               NaN
Administrator of a Fitness-Club Kostya thinks t...
Colonel Fox is in charge of a counter terrorism...
Four good folks from schools got reunion in a s...
Events of the film take place in both hemispher...
The Jack Bull tells the story of Myrl Redding, ...
An abused 15 year old is charged with a murder ...
                                               NaN
A young man who was raised in a children's home...
Men from Russia and the United States join forc...
A love story between 16 years old student and o...
Some 220 miles above Earth lies the Internation...
This four-hour miniseries is based on Alice Hof...
Child abuse, mental illness, and forbidden love...
An alcoholic spends all his time spying on his ...
This lengthy docudrama records the harrowing co...
The Arab Spring in Egypt: From a dictator to fr...
When the co-owner of a secretarial school visit...
Kate Bowman (Jocelin Donahue) is an average soc...
Major Korenev (Fox) continue to fight criminals...
Based on Valentin Rasputin's story of the same ...
                      No movie overview available.
At this comedy - the fifth in the "Peculiaritie...
A musical adaptation of Victor Hugo's novel "No...
When Earth's magnetic poles begin reversing, Da...
Giovanni is an assassin living during the Renai...
Chaos theory has a bad name, conjuring up image...
Spring 1941. Center of Moscow. Duel of the two ...
Four Russian friends come from Moscow to Las Ve...
A woman wakes up in a room with no memory of wh...
Santa Claus has a mission to convince three pro...
Funny comedy about a life of super-famous mega-...
In The Private Life of Plants, David Attenborou...
Inhabitants of an elite Moscow house get involv...
Two brothers fell in love with the same woman, ...
The film takes place a few years after the even...
He is overly intelligent... He is genius... And...
A comedy about the competition between two coun...
                                               NaN
There will be an explosion exactly in 48 hours ...
General Ivolgin, forester Kuzmich, and good-nat...
Laura Bartelli is a stripper in a French bar. S...
Андрей - простой русский оперуполномоченный. Он...
Prison guard Reggio lets Moltes have a weekly l...
Professor Gromov constructs a robot called Elec...
A few young men are planning a criminal operati...
A chronicle of the Russian and Mexican revoluti...
The group of stuntmen comes to the beach to sho...
Drive follows Toby Wong (Mark Dacascos), whose ...
Don Roberto Luciano turns informer for the bigg...
                                               NaN
                                               NaN
The peoples of the world has finally managed to...
A young music video director, a ballet dancer a...
Andrei and Marina are married for 7 years and t...
                                               NaN
A schoolboy gets into a fairy tale with the hel...
The trials and tribulations of putting a featur...
Olympia 52 is a 1952 French documentary film ab...
A family hires a babysitter who seems to posses...
It’s summer in Copenhagen, it’s a time of endle...
Claire is a midwife and has devoted her life to...
An unemployed factory worker takes a job as a h...
Dane Jensen is a driven, Chicago-based headhunt...
A woman at a crossroads traveling to Cannes alo...
A look behind the scenes at Bernie Madoff's mas...
The everyday life of a Soviet high school princ...
A gang of crooks robbing cash collectors, run i...
In one single, epic camera move we journey from...
                                               NaN
George Malley lives in a small town and is well...
Episode 2. Mowgli — the adopted son of a wolf f...
A simple life of simple creatures in a wonderfu...
Story of a man named Sayan, that had to live th...
On honeymoon on the island of Lesbos, a woman f...
A Russian WW2 spy spoof following misadventures...
The intelligence officer Egor Kremnyov was blam...
                                No overview found.
A man attempts to commit suicide and, as a resu...
Parallel stories: 18th century Harrison builds ...
It's 2 A.M. in St. Louis when a routine scienti...
Kesha, a young magician assistant, is desperate...
The main character, his wife and small son lose...
                                               NaN
The Making-of James Cameron's Avatar. It shows ...
Meet Etta Milford. Loving Wife. Doting Mother. ...
                                               NaN
                                               NaN
Set in present day Chicago, the ancient avengin...
Two space smuggles are caught by the government...
A parliament member suddenly finds a dead body ...
Anatoli Yefremovich Novoseltsev works in a rati...
Москва. Наши дни. В центре города из машины дво...
On the edge of Dushanbe, in the Republic of Taj...
Andrey is a handsome veterinarian with a succes...
A singer in a bar full of weird people and muta...
A private detective is hired to find the elusiv...
While looking for her cat, a young woman and so...
A record-breaking competitive runner begins to ...
Immediately before the events of The Matrix Rel...
August Eighth - story of an ordinary young woma...
The hero of Mikhail Galustyan, known in our wor...
A high school student is haunted by thoughts of...
Cis and Duo discuss leaving the real world whil...
A group of reporters are covering the unveiling...
The story of the daring romance Solovyov Sevast...
The Billionaire tells the story of Aitthipat Ku...
A comedy about funny adventures of the married ...
Ghost Recon: Alpha sees a team led by Ghost Lea...
                                               NaN
                                               NaN
            TV miniseries of the Dostoevsky novel.
H.G. Wells foresaw the future in such visionary...
Animated story about the adventures of boatswai...
It's an up-to-date setting of the 1951 sci-fi t...
A group of three criminals on the run from the ...
Willie Dynamite is a pimp who operates in New Y...
A horror film director is stalked by a mad psyc...
My Breakfast with Blassie is a movie starring A...
A hysterical documentary which uses footage of ...
Disney used animation here to explain through t...
Beautifully constructed, 1001 Nights stays true...
A cancer researcher on a remote Caribbean islan...
Del is a song writer for the obnoxious Mr. Mega...
Bill Plympton's gothic '50s high-school comedy ...
"Hitler's Folly" explores what might have happe...
A low-rent bounty hunter named Rod Rosse, The O...
Two travelers meet on the open prairie, and pas...
Professor and students camp out to find Bigfoot...
After the mob hits a guy with a list, one of th...
An hour-long interview with author William S. B...
Upholsterer's assistant Irene O'Dare meets weal...
An edited version of the 1970 German documentar...
A Filipino-made horror-fantasy movie about a ma...
The film depicts a rehearsal of The Velvet Unde...
Filmed when the Henry Miller was 81, is a voyag...
On its maiden flight, the crew of America's fir...
The organization Mighty Jack is formed to comba...
A female scientist and two children are acciden...
After Los Angeles is invaded by an army of subt...
Neo, a drifter from the atomic-blasted wastelan...
It's the height of the Cold War between the Uni...
In the distant technological future, civilizati...
When a plane carrying the daughter of a million...
It's Cesar Romero versus dinosaurs in this clas...
The brother and fiancee of a dead policeman inf...
Four astronauts in 1960 travel to a planet call...
A young boy in the woods discovers a lovable al...
Phil, a part-time truck driver and singer who w...
Lt. Col. Glenn Manning is inadvertently exposed...
A group of lonely Viking women build a ship and...
In this second film compiled from two episodes ...
En route to Thebes for an important diplomatic ...
When strange atmospheric events occur in the di...
Rocky Jones, Space Ranger fights space pirates ...
A three-part episode from the TV series Rocky J...
Alien "eye" creatures invade a small town in th...
Three beatniks are brought together to rob an a...
An alien is dispatched from a faraway galaxy to...
In this melange of characters and events from s...
Two drifters contend with love and murder in a ...
A troubled teen with an undeserved criminal pas...
The pointlessly-named Batwoman and her bevy of ...
A federal agent (John Howard) and his partner t...
A group of twelve international scientists are ...
Chip is killed accidentally while trying to rap...
A psychic researcher attempts to solve a murder...
Maciste and his people flee their volcano-ravag...
Two couples (Robert Reed, June Kenney, Joan Lor...
A failed Quinn Martin pilot for a series starri...
A woman seeks revenge on her former lover, who ...
A flunky for a porno movie ring starts murderin...
Pilot for the TV series, stars Pernell Roberts ...
Jody, a juvenile delinquent, escapes from refor...
Scalli is a gangster who manages women wrestler...
Marv needs money. His unemployed dad is so poor...
Gritty neo-noir art film about escaped convict ...
Danger Death Ray, the funniest of the cheesy sp...
A professor recruits a professional wrestler to...
An astronaut is killed on re-entry to Earth, bu...
A facially deformed and mentally unhinged man w...
A psychically gifted young woman discovers a ce...
Prof. Erling and his financial backer Victor bu...
A mysterious hypnotist (Chester Morris) reverts...
A meat-eating teenager (Michael Landon) sees a ...
A fairy tale about a conceited young man and a ...
Dimwitted, meaty guy foils criminals by turning...
The head (Wendell Corey) of the Human Aetiologi...
When an alien force tries to invade Earth to st...
Radioactive waste dumped off the coastline crea...
Clumsy invaders from Neptune are thwarted by he...
Matter-transmitter sabotage leaves a British sc...
A team of archaeologists with unplaceable accen...
On his way to California, Jodie decides on a wh...
Never take a baby from his mother. You'll see w...
Fleeing from the cult that murdered his father,...
A marine biologist, a dolphin trainer, a resear...
A secret society, the Delta Knights, attempts t...
After a massive shootout, a mysterious stranger...
Four teenagers are killed in a car accident. Tw...
Two creepy "horror" films joined together by Me...
Professor "Johnny Longbow" Salina, a man who re...
                                               NaN
A plane carrying a troupe of beautiful dancers ...
Americans investigating the results of nuclear ...
A pilot battles to save his family and the plan...
In a desert wasteland in Texas, a muscled canni...
At the end of their tour of duty in Afghanistan...
A complex tale of murder, deceit and greed set ...
Caesar and his apes are forced into a deadly co...
Jill strives to connect with her new teenage st...
Officer Chris McCullers was gravely injured in ...
A lesbian vampire couple haunt an abandoned cas...
Thai government hires group of Chinese mercenar...
A cynical and clever coming of age film about f...
In a small Southern town in the autumn of 1941,...
Silent Youth is a film for misfits, dreamers an...
Single mother Karla McCoy lives a perfect life ...
Cameron brings together some the world's leadin...
There is a world with two towns that are big en...
Ustad Hotel is a quaint place run by a foodie n...
Underworld: Endless War is a collection of thre...
Phillip Kwok plays the orphaned son of a genera...
Lu Jin is a handsome, wealthy hotel executive w...
Daisy is the all-American girl next door with a...
Sitaramaiah (Chiru) is the son of a fairly weal...
            A crime movie directed by Marvin Kren.
The evolution of a nation during six decades of...
Rosa is a mature police officer with both a gam...
A U.S. military troop takes command of a band o...
An intimate portrait of recently retired Congre...
A white author is sucked into a road trip throu...
One of America’s foremost practitioners of the ...
When the local police inspector was found dead ...
Mike and Dave, two Northern British idiots spon...
Aiman is a 28-year-old Malay correctional offic...
A couple of British 1970s teen-aged boys, Enn a...
An estranged family gathers together in New Yor...
A rock star general bent on winning the “imposs...
Former Raiders cheerleader turned stand-up come...
Giorgio Pellegrini, a former left-wing activist...
The Paradise Suite is a story about six people ...
Epifanio is a gardener who has-been living with...
Alpha Male Smith and his Beta, Keith, move to t...
A bumbling Paris policeman is doggedly determin...
Eric and Ramzy are working as window washers at...
Arnaud Dubois may be the heir to a bank, but he...
                                               NaN
33 years after the infamous Rendlesham Forest U...
A small European town, where sisters Ayia and M...
Over a period of 6 years award winning director...
25-year-old Khalid Belkacem has failed at every...
A boy returns home from the institution where h...
The stranger-than-fiction true story of George ...
An in-depth look at artist/filmmaker David Lync...
Mel Edison has just lost his job after many yea...
A group of young professionals decides to play ...
Comedian Vir Das tackles nationalism, globalism...
In this new stand-up special, Norm Macdonald de...
In 2001, Lenny Cooke was the most hyped high sc...
This is a story about a guy who is willing to s...
This film from acclaimed theater director Lonny...
An ancient Japanese sword is robbed by gangster...
German Areta "The Louse", is an ex-cop detectiv...
This is an adaptation of the novel "The Hunchba...
A man's nervous breakdown causes him to leave h...
Lana Del Rey represents the next generation of ...
A story about a difficult life of three women d...
Tormented by guilt over the death of her family...
Michal is 32 years old. She became religious 12...
Fourteen years after the events of the first fi...
     The life and tragic death of Whitney Houston.
In the 28th century, Valerian and Laureline are...
The Man of Steel fights a mad scientist who is ...
Superman has to save Lois Lane from a cult of h...
Kimball Kinnison, a young man from the agricult...
In this 1999 documentary, Pete Townshend, Roger...
A film scrapbook, images, phrases from our past...
Slice of life look at Roberto and Aurelia, Cuba...
On August 16, 2013, the Supreme Court mandated ...
Based on a series of sci-fi novels, this series...
Victor aka Hammer is an MMA champion with the w...
    A teen comedy with cool cars and fast driving.
The tale of the Grateful Dead is inspiring, com...
Feature documentary that explores the internati...
A harrowing, unflinching look at the devastatin...
Maxim Perepelitsa is a cheerful, mischievous an...
Aspiring teenage astronauts reveal that a journ...
In the year 2961, the time is after humanity an...
Four hardened crooks break out of prison. Hunte...
Magyar vándor is a 2004 Hungarian action comedy...
The new owner of a brilliant race horse finds l...
                                               NaN
This story has a horse-race fan main character ...
What would it feel like to be a bird and fly ov...
The story happens in 1989 in the suburbs of Bud...
The Toth family resides in Northern Hungary. Th...
                                               NaN
In the year 80 AMM (After Mickey Mouse) on plan...
Twenty five years old Kolya starts to work as a...
Created in 1983, the animated movie uses the pl...
An alien policeman comes to Earth to hunt down ...
A 1983 short film directed by Eduard Nazarov ab...
A group of strangers are brought together in an...
During the Peninsular War in Spain against the ...
A documentary of an expedition to Churchill, Ma...
Five stories center around a werewolf, a feudal...
Lucky Bastard is a "found footage" thriller abo...
The Martians speculate on the nature of Earth's...
Je-In (Ha Ji-Won) is a mystery novel writer. Sh...
Hiroshi Tanaka (Shota Matsuda) sports an intens...
To exact revenge, the Liar Game office is reviv...
             A celebration of 30 years of The Who.
        Laurence Olivier's film of Chekhov's play.
A Palestinian seeks Israeli permission to waive...
This documentary unveils previously unseen foot...
Mali's Music defines the country's cultural ide...
                                               NaN
A Russian Police Major is enlisted by the LAPD ...
In the second feature film by Russian director ...
When hot shot, Wall Street dealmaker Jai thinks...
Two young professional soccer players share a h...
A depiction of the rise of Texas from the Battl...
Home of the Brave is a 1986 American concert fi...
Since the end of World War II, one of kind of u...
Comic Hasan Minhaj of "The Daily Show" shares p...
While Toki and Abigail remain in the clutches o...
A love triangle develops during the making of a...
The life of Jeremiah Tower, one of the most con...
                                               NaN
An ambitious Hollywood hustler becomes involved...
This is one of the five films legendary directo...
Rome, 1989. Luca Molinari meets Claudia in a pa...
Contemporary Moscow, home to several people who...
A genuine satiric comedy, based on real convers...
Two sisters, their families, and sometimes comp...
We are in the year 2001, a temporary ceasefire ...
An unsettling and eye opening exploration into ...
Under the sun, the heavenly beauty of grassland...
SEX AND BROADCASTING is a feature length docume...
On a business trip to Nashville, Brennan finds ...
A subtle, almost quasi-documentary tale of a co...
In her first comedy special post-health scare, ...
Grégoire Lecomte, the unlucky actor anxious to ...
Jack's modeling agency has been losing its grou...
The traditional crafts of crochet and knitting ...
Fernando is on holiday with his closest male fr...
40-year-old foreman Vital is chosen by Alix (25...
                        No plot overview available
The story takes place in 18th century russia. e...
A retired police detective dedicates his life t...
NBA TV will feature the primetime special — All...
A shaggy, candy-loving puppy named Dougal along...
Manu Aranguren is a Basque politician who acts ...
When Kirby Lane's SUV breaks down in the middle...
Guillaume Canet is told by a young co-star that...
Paul is a down-on-his-luck screenwriter who pic...
Chronicles the epic battle that several America...
                                               NaN
A killer, wearing a dancing bear suit, stalks a...
A female detective investigates the kidnapping ...
A man accepts a challenge to act as the Chief M...
A young married couple comes home from a date n...
Young Alisa is fed up with her life in Moscow, ...
Cannibal is based on the true-crime story of Ar...
In the near future the US Government has create...
In the future, chaos is rampant as 'information...
Superfantozzi (1986) is an Italian film from 19...
Outlines the history of 40 years of the skinhea...
                                               NaN
Soldiers land on Caprini and confront diabolica...
A funny comedy about doctor Aybolit and his ass...
977 is a coded number relating the attempt to “...
A provincial war vet arrives in Moscow and subs...
A hospital nurse becomes an "international girl...
A young couple, physiologist Agla and filmmaker...
A group of people setting out to find a previou...
A young man who lives in a small village finds ...
Young police detective Faina tries to experimen...
                                               NaN
Marina (Alyona Babenko) is a journalist contemp...
A bunch of young and impulsive space cadets mak...
A small European Kingdom wants to make a frowni...
The writer Pierre Carot became rich and famous ...
The film consists of three novels. The film beg...
Wealthy big game hunter, Wilson Frields, funds ...
Includes many disturbing highlights from the fi...
A small-town policeman is informed that "naked ...
When her country is taken over by socialist rev...
The frustrating adventures of a humble employee...
Part documentary, part mockumentary, part sexpl...
In the not too distant future a new team of spe...
The film concerns a sleepy town that is populat...
                                               NaN
An anthropologist must unlock the code hidden i...
The story is based around "spermulites", the al...
A woman attempts to overcome her paralyzing fea...
Seven seemingly unconnected fairy tales - glued...
Two go-go dancers, Lulu and Peaches, are framed...
Sho and his friend Tetsurou stumble upon an odd...
A young Argentinian reporter is writing an arti...
A romantic comedy about Jean-Marc who is a conv...
A man must hunt down ferocious sharks that are ...
Yan is a successful artist. One day he is waiti...
In this sex comedy, a good-looking German girl ...
Begoña is a thirty something consultant who has...
A teenage girl is caught petting with the bus d...
One day, Jason finds an unusual board game call...
A freelance reporter stumbles on a desperate mi...
When the mysterious and sexy Ms. Xenobia takes ...
On December 21, 2012 four strangers on a journe...
Mikel will marry Julia, owner of a major jewelr...
Joe North is a London taxi driver who manages t...
Coming out from jail, Lucas has decided to chan...
At a college in Rome, a professor, nicknamed "D...
After their narrow escape at the end of "Pitch ...
In a backward post-apocalyptic world, She aids ...
Abahachi, Chief of the Apache Indians, and his ...
As members of ESWAT, the elite forces serving O...
A re-interpretation of Ramayana, the Thai anima...
It is the year 2022. A mysterious systems failu...
At a popular vacation destination in Crimea eve...
Lara Velichko is a young coach who's dreaming a...
A funny comedy based on classic plays by A.N. O...
A Red Army officer Polevoy possesses a navy dir...
Young journalist starts working on the ship in ...
Potseluy babochki (Russian: Поцелуй бабочки, me...
A BBC/Discovery Channel co-production, this doc...
This is a story about the battle for a hospital...
The Rammstein - Live aus Berlin DVD is a compil...
Two brothers are brought together again by the ...
A small construction team led by Potapov sudden...
                                               NaN
This story takes place in Moscow during 2006. T...
A romantic comedy about a young girl who's comi...
Valentin and Valentina love each other and want...
Pasha is a very shy and quiet person. He is alm...
Photo studio "Contemporary" in a provincial tow...
The children's doctor is sent on leave to the s...
Sory of 38-years-old Rita whose fiance didn't s...
A little girl is lost in Moscow and hits the ro...
The story takes place in a Soviet placed in wha...
Shura Olevantseva leads a happy life with her c...
In a strange bank, a young clerk, in love with ...
A funny story about Fyodor - the oldest person ...
Based upon the famous novel by H.G.Wells. A poo...
A married woman fresh from the countryside meet...
Three best friend are going to spend a vacation...
Spears, a private detective working in L.A. rec...
Elle a une passion: la danse. Une ambition: dan...
To cover up his infidelities and protect his up...
Janine Reynaud stars as a nightclub stripper wh...
Karol has everything. He has three mistresses i...
A young man is released from an asylum and retu...
Stan is young, but had already been in hell. On...
Alfred and Jerzy take part in a brutal incident...
A young publicist, with a successful profession...
Former Nazi Klaus Abard survives to the 1990s b...
Max Andreev thought the best place to start a n...
The story of the rise and fall of the 1990s ska...
Hans-Jürgen Syberberg's Parsifal film is a psyc...
This mesmerizing mystery delves deep into the h...
After 15 years of living together, Marie and Bo...
                Jimmy Arnaud eulogizes his mother.
In this gleefully anarchic tour-de-force of pup...
A down on his luck boy finds love in the most u...
A man is wrongfully imprisoned for five years. ...
Stefan and Dolly Oblonsky have had a spat and S...
Derek and Nancy Haysom were brutally murdered i...
A former rodeo champ befriends a young man with...
In forgotten towns along the American border, a...
  Documentary about NASA's Voyager space programme
An ex-convict Viktor Dremov, who is also an ex-...
This is a survival story - a Hemingway's 'Old M...
Hidden in the ancient Korean folklore lies a tr...
Orphaned at birth and raised by storks, the tee...
For forty years, the public functionary and fam...
Part of the PBS Great Performance Series. Renow...
While on a covert mission, two cold blooded mer...
L'Alpagueur is a free-lance spy from the French...
The film is set in Lithuania after the Second W...
Norman is a window cleaner who has to clean a m...
A Russian war correspondent is drafted into the...
After witnessing the rape of his wife, a man's ...
Introverted Juan, manager of a mannequin factor...
At once a chronicle of a remarkable sixty-year ...
Firebrand Democratic Unionist Party leader Ian ...
The story of New Zealander, Bruce McLaren, who ...
Bekir is in love with Ugur, who loves Zagor, wh...
        Drama set to the Russian civil war of 1918
Nothing in her background destined Loïe Fuller ...
An English community gets testy when a refugee ...
Russia, 1917, WWI. This is the story of the 1st...
Two "down on their luck" buddies are convinced ...
                                               NaN
A biker comes upon a girl with a flat tire and ...
A story about a young woman, Vera, who is someb...
A motor depot boss with links to black market t...
His right hand having been wounded during the w...
A second story about countryside cop named Anis...
Thirteen-year-old Bastien is the center of a re...
A story about a difficult love between the two ...
                                               NaN
An unemployed astrophysicist finds a job of a d...
A Portuguese tuna fisherman (Edward G. Robinson...
Young man Kesha starts working in the Kindergar...
Commissioned by Josef Stalin to commemorate the...
Two people: Igor, an ex-athlete aimlessly livin...
                                               NaN
A young Russian girl is in love with show busin...
                                               NaN
American investment fund buys Austrian companie...
A story of the creation of the atomic bomb in A...
A look at a young woman's rapid descent into in...
Adventure drama during WW2 in Italy where a mix...
Zooni Ali Beg (Kajol) is a blind Kashmiri girl ...
The grim woes that surrounded famed director Pe...
Dae-ho, an investigative journalist, seeks to t...
The story follows the elephant keeper in the Be...
Ideologies collide with fatal results when a mi...
When the King Gareth dies, his potential heirs,...
A musical comedy based on the classic play by E...
A story about a group of Russian boys who have ...
Two triad leaders vie for the right to manage a...
Their car breaks down and four friends find the...
After a night out of partying and left behind b...
It's a love story between a fashion blogger and...
                                               NaN
A young French actress in Lisbon to shoot a mov...
The tale of the "eighth" voyage of Sinbad, wher...
In 1979, an Indian family moves to America with...
A cartoon based on the works of Nikolay Gogol. ...
While struggling to meet the strict airline bag...
A pair of lovers go off to a small hotel in a l...
Several animated stories from "Metamorphoses," ...
A woman forces a man to move forward with his l...
Gulliver washes ashore on Lilliput and attempts...
A young woman in the Army must make tough decis...
Once upon a time there was Louise and her frien...
An inventive crime thriller told backwards -- r...
Losing weight and getting fit has never been ea...
A middle-aged man sets out on a symbolic journe...
                                No overview found.
In a world overtaken by eternal darkness, the b...
Short soviet animated movie about a girl who wa...
One fine morning, Benno finds sand in his bed. ...
A musical comedy based on classical play by Fél...
‘Extraordinary Mission’ is a new Chinese action...
         Interview with filmmaker Tadeusz Konwicki
A cerebral revenge film about two adopted sibli...
More than two dozen men and women of various ba...
A biography of the pioneer film director George...
Three friends are playing cards in a beer garde...
A strange family: 17-year-old Phil lives with h...
Actress Virginia Madsen collaborates with her m...
Eszter, her husband Farkas, and their five-year...
Reinhard von Müsel, a poor nobleman's son, one ...
A man tries to get a good night's sleep, but is...
"South of Pico" is an emotionally charged drama...
In a world where families are limited to one ch...
James Earl Jones narrates this fascinating and ...
A mind-bending thriller set in Portland, Oregon...
At 7:19 a.m., on September 19th of 1985, the mo...
Teenage outsider Adam sets out on an epic and d...
Ken Kaneki (Masataka Kubota) is a university st...
During a Caribbean holiday, a British civil ser...
Two introverted people find out by pure chance ...
An undercover MI6 agent is sent to Berlin durin...
Space hero Daffy battles Marvin the Martian for...
Porky Pig spends the night at an Irish castle a...
While reading his favorite comic book, Daffy ac...
Kicked off the boat in Italy, Charlie forces hi...
Sam Von Schamm The Hessian and Bugs Bunny fight...
A sheepdog thwarts the efforts of a thieving wo...
Bugs Bunny once again making that "wrong turn a...
Bugs and Daffy get lost on the way to Pismo Bea...
Czech literature teacher Josef Tkaloun, who is ...
Summer 1968. 14-year-old Wolfgang is deported f...
During the run of a particularly awful interpre...
Extraordinary images from Werner Herzog. Shot i...
During the 16th century, Japanese pirates proli...
Georges Méliès makes a woman disappear, then re...
A man has a fantastical nightmare involving, am...
A man has an encounter with several spooky appa...
Two years before they collaborated on the immor...
Wearing torn Japanese shoes, English trousers, ...
Donald and Mickey are overdue on their rent, so...
Goofy (again playing George Geef) is a nicotine...
Donald's sister Dumbella sends her three sons H...
Goofy's building a house, and struggling with t...
Three military men, seen inside a fortification...
A bickering couple drive fast through a downpou...
Psychologist Dr. Brennac is asked by a colleagu...
Single father Aaron fights to save his 12-year-...
Morgana is a Mexican transgender opera singer w...
True story of Alexander Graham Bell's invention...
A taxi driver is found dead, and Hyun-woo, the ...
Internationally known graffiti artist, Banksy, ...
A German soldier tries to determine if the Dutc...
Interviews about the film "Meanwhile" with dire...
A rocky sea voyage as reenacted by Georges Méliès.
A cop from the future goes back in time to Los ...
A weary traveler stops at an inn along the way ...
A woman arrives home after the ball. Her servan...
Divers go to work on a wrecked ship (the battle...
A delightfully dark, Frankenstein-themed horror...
BoJack and Todd watch a very special Christmas ...
With the cameraman atop a moving train car the ...
                                               NaN
During a pro lockout, Doug "The Thug" Glatt is ...
A young man is forced to spend a few days with ...
The story is freely inspired by the life and wo...
This feature-length special consists of three i...
The miraculous evacuation of Allied soldiers fr...
Basically, 'Herakles' is an omnium-gatherum of ...
Early short by Werner Herzog shot while being o...
The film features several horse trainers and ot...
A documentary by Werner Herzog exploring the di...
A darkly humorous short documentary about a pre...
Documentary examining Bokassa's rule in the Cen...
Accompanied only by music the film alternates b...
This was the debut for Wile E. Coyote and the R...
A bulldog adopts a small cat, but he can't let ...
Hurdy gurdy operator Bugs must get rid of his C...
Wile E. Coyote, genius, announces to Bugs Bunny...
The bears tempt Goldilocks with carrot soup, th...
The Tasmanian Devil is on the loose. Bugs offer...
"Children in the Surf, Coney Island" is a very ...
A street level view from the sidewalk, looking ...
A child borrows his grandmother's magnifying gl...
Possibly the first use of the camera technique ...
A loan recovery agent takes on a corrupt head o...
                     A witch curses a town's well.
With godly entrapments, Zeus appears on the hor...
In a corner of the garden we see an ornamental ...
In recording this scene the position of our cam...
The scenes opens by showing the battleships man...
At the first news of the disast by cyclone and ...
Two delinquent clerks are seated in a broker's ...
This picture shows the young cadets going throu...
Little Bo Peep has lost her sheep, and that lea...
A very stupid and superstitious cat awakens and...
Heckle &amp; Jeckle are looking for a place to ...
        Baby Parade at Asbury Park, N.J., in 1904.
A peasant woman is banished from her village an...
More than a dozen shots, some less than a secon...
Johnathan Cabot is a champion gymnast. In the t...
A young woman becomes the eighth wife of the we...
Alice Guy's short film version of the classic s...
The Infernal Boiling Pot is a 1903 silent Frenc...
An Egyptian prince has lost his beloved wife an...
Alone in his room at an inn, a lustful old man ...
Pioneer filmmaker Georges Méliès performs his c...
At the royal court, a prince is presenting the ...
Two impish clowns construct a magic lantern. Th...
Two travellers are tormented by Satan from inn ...
A seven-part docuseries about the unsolved murd...
A demonic magician attempts to perform his act ...
A pig dressed in fancy clothes flirts with a pr...
Two Japanese paint a silk worm on a screen. The...
A pickpocket manages to escape the police throu...
A magical glowing white motorcar dismembers pol...
             A magical woman and her magical eggs.
Magical flowery frolics, similar to a Melies film.
While caring for his sick daughter, a doctor is...
The Count sets out to make a private room for h...
A greedy tycoon decides, on a whim, to corner t...
Farmer Al Falfa goes to New York, money bag in ...
Nigel Planer narrates a documentary which trace...
                                               NaN
Set in 20th Century Japan the documentary explo...
Sara Crewe is the pampered darling of her fathe...
Arlo Anderson loves his reptiles, and so when h...
In a post-September 11th world overflowing with...
Porter's sequential continuity editing links se...
The camera platform was on the front of a New Y...
A cartoonist draws faces and figures on a black...
A combination of the story of Goldlocks and the...
In this story set at a seaside fishing village ...
By the time this short subject came out, Segund...
Depicts a doctor looking into his patient's bra...
Mother in law gets a new set of dentures. Despi...
A widower becomes infatuated with his daughter'...
During the Civil War, a father living in a bord...
A poor hat-check girl loses her job and is forc...
A lad from a butcher shop is carrying a tray la...
A young woman who works mending fishermen's net...
After discovering a mysterious doll in an attic...
                                               NaN
On a typical fall evening in 1983, a young man ...
When a law student uncovers chilling secrets an...
Steve Ford is a private detective in Venice Bea...
Traces the lives of the Hartings, a blind Montr...
The definitive documentary about the American s...
When a recently retired military officer Colone...
Scientists poison the water supply of a small t...
After the police find Derek’s daughter brutally...
                                               NaN
Academy Award-winning filmmaker, Oliver Stone i...
A decade after An Inconvenient Truth brought cl...
This film explores the evolution of propaganda ...
My New Partner is a 1984 French comedy film dir...
Looking for the money for a drink, an alcoholic...
A moving, blackly comic drama about the strains...
Assola is an imaginary village on the border be...
An art dealer wants to buy a Modigliani, which ...
A drama about a complicated life of a director ...
"Rakka" is the story of broken humanity followi...
Young Pharaoh Ramses XIII clashes with Egypt's ...
Super spy and master inventor Agent F.O.X. arri...
A former youth boxing champion, Jimmy McCabe is...
The never-before-told story of the Brotherhood ...
"Although hundreds of disturbing paranormal eve...
In 1980, a teenage boy escapes the unrest in Ir...
During a local fishing contest, people are bein...
In 2010 David Crowley, an Iraq veteran, aspirin...
The Void is a multi volume anthology series fea...
A bus load of American students, all jocks, che...
                                               NaN
                                               NaN
Supernatural drama based on real-life events th...
Three young Russian families go for winter vaca...
A tribute to the work of Alfred Hitchcock, feat...
           Three stories based on O. Henry novels.
This exhilarating two-part film (“Soldier Ivan ...
Old Surehand and his faithful old friend Old Wa...
When a crime organization from North Korea cros...
A female FBI agent is offered millions to help ...
The Dark Below is an experimental thriller set ...
Paid 50 dollars for their time, 101 male prosti...
This is unedited raw footage of a bear I filmed...
Examining the violent death of the filmmaker’s ...
AB Surveillance Solutions, a security company s...
The adventures of Salad Fingers, an unspecified...
A singing notebook tells 3 puppets to be creati...
Sequel to the acclaimed short film, this time w...
           The puppets learn about eating healthy.
This is the story of Dr. Bellifer, a scientific...
Hot young tech wizard Alan Resnick shares his s...
In a 1960s-era informercial for an electric vib...
13-year-old Su-rin moves to a remote island wit...
Sylvie, a scientist aged 30, has to dig deeper ...
A girl discovers that the reality of her life i...
After struggling to find employment, Amanda tak...
A crotchety old ranch owner fights to be able t...
Mama loves men, but she loves money even more. ...
This movie is about life of ordinary people who...
Yugi and Kaiba have a special duel that transce...
Three stories of the supernatural are recounted...
A troubled young woman takes up residence in a ...
A new girl comes to the neighbourhood school an...
After moving into the home of a deceased relati...
My mother used to wake me up with a vinyl recor...
The film explores the global power and impact o...
The Mailman decides to stop another deluge of l...
Years have passed since Frosty left for the Nor...
When Molly Hale's sadness of her father's disap...
The villains from the popular animated Disney f...
In Disney's fifth installment to the franchise,...
In this second heartwarming and hilarious seque...
Sprightly amusement for kids of all ages, Disne...
All your favorite Pokémon characters are back, ...
A comet bearing a deadly Pokemon creature crash...
Heartless Mrs. Mavilda runs an orphanage where ...
Angelino is just one of thousands of deadbeats ...
Student Shurik has just two hours before the be...
Two chefs in DC struggle to open and maintain t...
Disturbing the Peace follows a group of former ...
Rewi Rapana returns to the small country town o...
Vicky (Prabhas) believes that one should be one...
This story is about how an old man tried to sho...
The incredible saga of the Chinese immigrant Su...
Vincenzo, a 30 years old apathetic and lazy man...
                                               NaN
Yevgeny Yevstigneyev, Georgy Burkov, Leonid Yar...
When a homeless boy living at the youth shelter...
While in a party promoted by her chief and frie...
Autobots and Decepticons are at war, with human...
Normandy, 1819. Jeanne is a young woman full of...
3 childhood friends who have never left their h...
Get up close and personal with 16 of the most s...
In Russia, the mystic student of linguistic Mar...
Four friends from the first movie are back in t...
A continuation of a famous Russian comedy "Mamy...
100 years ago, the Russian Empire ... Christmas...
The main character of the film Sergey Dobrolyub...
Four friends decide to participate in the game ...
A novelist struggling with writer's block enlis...
And again a heroes of "Yolki" series are ready ...
Nikolai, a Russian hit-man escapes from his adv...
In third part of "Lovey-Dovey" Andrey and Marin...
Rita, a figure skating coach, wants to prevent ...
A family lives in a house that teeters precario...
A young caterpillar yearns to fly like the butt...
Главный герой Александр, крупный бизнесмен и вл...
University Professor Juanjo falls into a tailsp...
Four music videos of Kino band joined together ...
"It’s the story of the people who escape to the...
         They call her ugly. She's gonna act ugly.
For the first time one of Hollywood's greatest ...
A maddeningly oblivious, tyrannical and emotion...
After the death of his father, a teenage boy fo...
Northern Ireland's legendary star remains one o...
A ticking-clock thriller following Winston Chur...
A group of former military elites set out to ex...
Plainclothes policemen Brian and Mike use an el...
ECSTASY is a dark romantic comedy, based on the...
A traditional Turkish woman tries to find love ...
Dina, an outspoken and eccentric 49-year-old in...
Laxman Singh Bisht (Salman) is nicknamed tube l...
In April 2015, the Hatton Garden Safe Deposit C...
Emily Walters is an American widow living a pea...
                                               NaN
A retired detective is trying to catch a serial...
A beautiful girl Rosina lives In Rome. Her husb...
A psychological horror film based on the short ...
Danni moves into a New York apartment and start...
Thirty-something Elizabeth must decide whether ...
Two delusional geriatrics reveal curious pasts,...
Brilliant, dedicated, and driven, archaeologist...
A love story offering an intimate look inside t...
                                               NaN
A traumatized Vietnam veteran goes on a killing...
Diane Kramer is led by one obsession: to find t...
Carrie is a religious fundamentalist. But her m...
A reverse comedy that tells the story of a perf...
When a small town near the Arizona-Mexico borde...
Ava, 13, is spending the summer on the Atlantic...
Dark shadows are cast over Bill's recovery, in ...
On March 13th, 1997 one of the largest UFO sigh...
Evan Evans, the director of a ballet troupe, is...
After arguing with his girlfriend, Ali, Tyler l...
A Boston police officer goes to Nantucket to in...
Friends Gary Black (Nathan Phillips) and Dumby ...
Phillip (Phillips) and Geoffrey (Sampson) are t...
Tom Riley thought he was getting the deal of a ...
Laid-back baby boomer Yuichi (Ryo Iwamatsu) is ...
A plane crash-lands on a jungle island inhabite...
Lola is hitch-hiking on a highway rest area whe...
A bank robber tries to avoid the law closing in...
The village of mayor Peppone and Don Camillo, a...
SPICEBUSH interweaves various fragmentary narra...
In a quiet countryside farmhouse, Britain's vam...
A hit man receives the assignment to kill a wom...
When a mother reunites her family in Suriname f...
Film made to commemorate the first anniversary ...
                                               NaN
This documentary, made up of 3 episodes, is bas...
Commissioned by the Moscow Soviet as a document...
Considered to be the first animated Soviet film...
Dolf a 15 year old boy is sent back in time by ...
When a son attempts to reconcile with his fathe...
A budding journalist passionate about ethical, ...
A man sick of his life, decides to leave his wi...
Everything in high school is like the world end...
How have you been? Takeshi's letter is delivere...
A look at the current state of Syria amidst war...
Liza is a young Dutch woman who travels to Veni...
Two alien brothers crash their ship in the U.S....
American professor Tarl Cabot is transported vi...
When Scott and Kate Johansen’s daughter gets in...
The fantasies and dreams of two over-the-hill a...
The extraordinary story of how Hollywood change...
In a fragile relationship, a husband wants to i...
Afghanistan, immediately post-9/11: Small teams...
Motoko and her squad are finally getting closer...
After her mother's death, six-year-old Frida is...
One cold winter's day, Jacob and his sister Mar...
In the early 19th century a traveler returns to...
Set during the last days of the civil war that ...
Orson Welles plays the head of a witches' coven...
During a book tour in the United States, Max me...
Martin (deceased) is stuck in a dead-end job, w...
Charlotte Bronte's classic novel is filmed yet ...
Inspired by true events, two sisters are trappe...
A drama-documentary presented by Alan Yentob, w...
Pierre is seventeen and in the middle of pubert...
A young married couple whose plans for their li...
A good-natured cowboy who is romancing the new ...
Mastr'Antonio Miciaccio caretaker and shoemaker...
                                               NaN
Brian Cruver, an ambitious 26-year-old lands a ...
The story of Peppino Impastato, a political act...
After years working as a border patrolman, José...
Three friends leave Milan by car heading south....
                                               NaN
New York 1959. I tre gangster Al, John e Jack h...
Originally made with a German soundtrack for sc...
A drama inspired by the life of heavyweight box...
Daryl Davis has an unusual hobby. As a musician...
Suspected crime boss Nate Girard beats a murder...
A man's life is derailed when an ominous patter...
Antonio goes to Rome to represent his fellow pe...
                                               NaN
                                               NaN
In occupied France, Maurice and Joseph, two you...
A documentary about behind the scenes and what ...
A physicist discovers a briefcase containing po...
Like it or not, porn is here and it is harmful....
Poet Lord Byron decides to fight with the Greek...
Luis Martinetti, a contortionist suspended from...
Turin, 1969. Nine-year-old Massimo’s idyllic ch...
Two free-spirited stoners find themselves catap...
Based on a short story by Johannes Linnankoski....
Set during the Vietnam war, Firebase follows Am...
Pete is a football enthusiast, who plays as a g...
An asphalt contractor, who has sacrificed his l...
When seventeen-year-old Hannah stumbles upon a ...
Franklin Roosevelt, left a paraplegic from poli...
A look at the work of Stinson Hunter and his ga...
Edith Walks is a 60 minute 66 second feature fi...
Sega's children, born into post-war Chinese rul...
A group of honest police is sent to a country t...
                                               NaN
David Alfaro Siqueiros, recognized Mexican mura...
Fueled by remorse and vengeance, a high schoole...
When the corrupted groom starts shooting in the...
A neglected daughter becomes a possessive mothe...
An anthropology student exploring the nature of...
The story of writer William Seward Burroughs an...
Sara Novak is an introverted college student wi...
The most turbulent five years in the life of a ...
20-years-old Cho-Won (Cho Seung-Woo) is young m...
                                               NaN
Bittersweet explores the evolution of love and ...
Longtime couple Henry and Dianne are afraid tha...
As things unravel for a struggling single mothe...
An ensemble film about four everyday people: a ...
A woman's journey of self-discovery and the dyn...
At first glance, Mica seems a perfectly normal ...
The film is notable for presenting a more human...
Set in early 16th century Finland, a knight Ola...
When a heart surgeon chooses to save one female...
Comedy-drama about an advertising executive who...
A wild country girl moves to Shanghai with her ...
An interview session with Arnold Schwarzenegger...
In "Popeye Meets Sindbad (Bluto)," Popeye's per...
With unprecedented access, this documentary fol...
Coral reefs are the nursery for all life in the...
A groundbreaking film that portrays the journey...
Fool's Day is a dark comedy about a 4th grade c...
  78 shots. 52 cuts. The shower scene from PSYCHO.
Uncovering the profiteering of the state's wate...
What the Health is a ground breaking feature le...
When the Chinese Communist Party backtracks on ...
Former prosecutor-turned-therapist Hailey Dean ...
The story of humankind's last stand against a c...
Legendary Lawman and Gunslinger Wild Bill Hicko...
When a gay couple's impending wedding hits a sn...
The last Gunslinger, Roland Deschain, has been ...
                                               NaN
A year after the boys crossed dimensions, disco...
When three friends go on a camping trip in a re...
In Brixton, London, 15-year-old Layla gets suck...
In may 1940, the German troops enter France. Fr...
Gauche is a diligent but mediocre cellist who p...
Surviving fragment of a longer film. A magician...
In the the tumultuous neighborhoods of Tehran, ...
       An interview with film director Fritz Lang.
Twelve-year-old Tommy reluctantly moves with hi...
Eleven-year-old Annie has been living in an orp...
A mother looks to escape her abusive past by mo...
Epic tale about two generations of men in a wea...
David the Gnome and Swift the Fox embark on a s...
Ward and Bouchard must face an important car th...
A basic explanation of the purpose and process ...
An ex-special services veteran, down on his luc...
Six London school-leavers attempt to make it in...
A film where anything can happen - the hero and...
A recounting of the relationship between Genera...
A mild-mannered deli clerk finally gets a secon...
Master car thieves square off against French ga...
French philosopher Denis Diderot produces the f...
A magician performs a series of magic tricks in...
The scene opens in an artist's studio where the...
A science fantasy film that deals with an extra...
Snow White's mother dies during childbirth, lea...
Comedy about a group of chemistry students who ...
Frustrated by the hypocrisy they see in their p...
Set against a backdrop of the Israeli-Palestini...
On April 9, 1948, a Jewish militia entered the ...
Aliens invade, this time delivering a clear ult...
Buenos Aires. Exe, 25 years old, has just lost ...
A mockumentary that chronicles the prevalence o...
Drama film about different lifes of twin brothers.
Teachers in a rural school, happy couple Fiona ...
The genre of the film DUST could be called fant...
       First animation about Gena and Cheburashka.
After Martha Jones parts company with the Docto...
                                               NaN
A world wide electrical outage occurs. Everythi...
Betrayed by his girl and best friend, thief Har...
Exploring the shared language and poetic sensib...
The phone rings, startling Tomas, who is seated...
Sensitive 12-year-old Alf is the low man on his...
A mostly comical tale of all-powerful and wealt...
Inspired by Edmond Rostand's play Cyrano de Ber...
                                               NaN
In the summer of 1993, timid and shy Zhou Xiao ...
Spending the summer at a Catskills resort with ...
Tony Palmer's film, thought lost for almost 40 ...
A documentary detailing the troubled beginnings...
Jogwa actually means alms given to a person, us...
Mr. Fortescue, owner of a big company, unexpect...
In the future, nature has evolved to destroy hu...
Brazilian philosopher Olavo de Carvalho's think...
Master Gunnery Sergeant Thomas Beckett is the U...
A young woman's faith is put to the ultimate te...
A young man and woman meet by chance and experi...
On the eve of his fortieth anniversary Sergei M...
On a post-apocalyptic Earth, Leila Dawn (Natali...
A tight knit group of young high school athlete...
Set in the small town of Devil's Gate, North Da...
A horror comedy spoofing conspiracy theory move...
How do you put a life into 500 words? Ask the s...
This film is about the "outlaw" country music m...
The story of one of the most infamous books eve...
                                               NaN
In the hospital where she works in Brest, Franc...
Maarten is just a normal 16 year old boy. After...
William Shatner sits down with scientists, inno...
The Journey of a winemaker trying to find succe...
A man and a woman, talking over their relations...
A large train station, it might be anywhere in ...
They met in Moscow - a shy swineherd Glasha and...
        Documentary about Veruschka von Lehndorff.
A lovestruck, lounge-singing darts champion fin...
Studio Ghibli is Japan's most successful animat...
December, 31st. Impossible Moscow traffic, an e...
A theater projectionist's daughter is involved ...
The continuation of the adventures of heroes of...
Several people are spending their evening in a ...
SYMBOLIC REMIX OF THE WORLD’S MODERN TRAVESTIES...
A voodoo doll must find the courage to save his...
                                               NaN
    Musical fantasy based on Armenian fairy tales.
Pierre is a clumsy, overly serious math teacher...
                                               NaN
On his way to work one day, Joel is impaled thr...
Urbain and his grandmother are stingy. They buy...
              Baby Mammoth is looking for his Mom.
After his wife died a man refuses to go out and...
Sid, the sloth, takes a school of children out ...
Aleksey must decide what's better for him - a r...
High school students Ksenya and Boris are in lo...
Sun from Chicago (USA) and Lucas from Mallorca ...
An inspector who just suffered a family tragedy...
A love triangle between a businessman, his wife...
The story is set in a filtration camp in Novemb...
Serial killers have plagued the American landsc...
A salesman comes to town offering an extraordin...
This animated short by Miyazaki was created as ...
Two dogs, one stray the other well-off, become ...
A doctor unrelentingly tries to convince a phob...
Soviet cartoon, created in 1979 by the director...
After two years a boy come back home but his vi...
A group of Irish noblemen kidnap girls in order...
Charlie, a sleep-deprived office worker acciden...
A remote village 100 kilometers from the city o...
Dreaded serial killer Peter Kurten voluntarily ...
A movie which at first seems like a simple life...
A.T Shank &amp; Son have a bad day at the parlo...
As Macedonia faces its difficult transition, a ...
Bruno is waiting for his girlfriend Rosette to ...
This charming comedy tracks the lives of severa...
On 9 May a German comes to Russia to marry the ...
Lightheaded is a journey we take with temperatu...
Such an inconsequential event - the unfortunate...
Roman Shilo, a known criminal, suddenly must de...
Julian, 25, and Louis, 12, are two brothers who...
An old man lives a lonely life under the dark s...
The Minions fight over a delicious banana.. but...
It's night. Perhaps after a dream of an intrude...
Four school graduates congratulate their teache...
Gene, a multi-expressional emoji, sets out on a...
A man finds out that his family has a werewolf ...
A group of friends download a Siri-like App whi...
A Russian scientist creates a mind-reading weap...
An aristocrat falls for a young woman who bring...
It starts with a live radio broadcast from the ...
International master thief, Simon Templar, also...
In a romantic and philosophical tale of magic a...
A young man, while out on a field trip, gets bi...
Engineering Red - 1993  Dir: Andrey I. Y. Petro...
A divorced couple fights for the custody of the...
After a spending the night with his girlfriend ...
Is it possible to live aside of the system, thi...
A playwright whose marriage and career are in a...
An impoverished American sailor is fortunate en...
A documentary that delves into the creative, of...
Disgraced poet Ted Wallace is summoned to his f...
A priest is recruited by federal marshals to he...
Johnny is a bad guy whom is trying to go straig...
When a girls friend is killed by a college hazi...
At a spacious house in Los Angeles, Helene is t...
Breaking out of prison with a child in her womb...
Sonny lives with his retarded older brother, an...
Haunted by the death of her mother and without ...
             Documentary on filmmaker Billy Wilder
Meenakshi, a Marathi gal with an ultra-sensitiv...
                                               NaN
                      The process of making Shoah.
An FBI agent teams with the town's veteran game...
Based upon the true story of Olga Benário, the ...
Nino Culotta is an Italian immigrant, newly arr...
Comedian Rory Scovel storms the stage in Atlant...
In Cairo, weeks before the 2011 revolution, Pol...
In 2008, a year before the great Dock Ellis die...
A wannabe model from a small Russian town robs ...
A newly-released prison gangster is forced by t...
Samuel Goldwyn Films, Titmouse, and Fathom Even...
Ajay (Nagarjuna) is an unemployed youth who alw...
Brice is back. The world has changed, but not h...
Mike Birbiglia declares that a joke should neve...
Unbridled comic Chris D'Elia reconsiders his ap...
3 A.M. is a 2014 Hindi musical horror directed ...
A story about a relationships between man and w...
Two small town Dutch boys whose socially unnatu...
Anti Matter (AKA Worm) is a sci-fi noir take on...
When a D.E.A. and S.W.A.T. cartel takedown ends...
Playboy does to softcore sex films what HBO's T...
Roos is pretty, successful and in her early-thi...
“The pressures here in Hollywood are so great, ...
Two wrestlers decide to go to a hotel in order ...
After the collapse of the Soviet Union, Ukraine...
After a girl goes missing, two of her friends a...
When drones arrive in a flash, slaughtering hum...
Little Nicky, the son of the Tanner, a famous s...
A woman is forced to examine the emptiness of h...
Menacing smoke rises over the forests of Manawa...
The relationship between two mismatched people ...
Superstar comedian/writer Bill Maher, one of th...
As the debate over the state of America's publi...
Tim Tucker (Dylan Bruce) was a star forward who...
The cut-scenes from Futurama (2003) (VG), edite...
Stranded in an Arctic mine, two survivors are f...
A documentary exploring the birth, death and re...
A teenage girl discovers a box with magical pow...
In a no holds barred documentary, acclaimed jou...
Four girlfriends take a trip to New Orleans for...
A teenager living with her sister and parents i...
A police raid in Detroit in 1967 results in one...
A Korean-born man finds himself stuck in Columb...
The story of four adults with autism spectrum d...
Two lesbian hookers wind their way through a wo...
Considered one of the finest late Naruses and a...
An elevated genre horror film about a single mo...
Industrial city of Norilsk: factories, cold, ch...
A faithful, word-for-word recreation of one col...
The 2016 Reebok CrossFit Games were a grueling ...
               Lithuanian politics Tarantino style
Made without proper language, just gibberish an...
Brunhilde Pomsel describes herself as an "apoli...
The story of INXS meteoric rise to internationa...
The movie consists of two satirical novel based...
Amid the epic landscape of the Mahabharata, the...
Chang-ho, 12, becomes friend with a North-Korea...
This meticuously assembled fim dissects the Thi...
Three young guys with disabilities want to go o...
Brand, an unemployed illiterate in his fourties...
Olivia and Matthew Grey, 18-year-old twins born...
On the surface, 'A Genius Leaves The Hood-The U...
Gatling Pictures' "Cure for Pain: The Mark Sand...
35-year-old Jean still lives with his mother in...
A guy has to move out in a day, completely unpr...
                                               NaN
                                               NaN
Ducoboo is a very inventive dunce and joker, he...
A young musician travels to Burning Man, a psyc...
A bourgeois dog confesses how he was transforme...
In 1964, Che Guevara asked the young Jean Ziegl...
A twenty-minute, almost totally silent film (no...
Julia and William were married and soon separat...
Two clans of snakes cohabit in the desert. Beau...
Chloé, a fragile young woman, falls in love wit...
Seven more first-hand accounts of sexual awaken...
A fake documentary about the sex lives of teena...
After the big success of the first part the fil...
A group of teenage girls at camp discuss their ...
Pippi Longstocking, a super-strong redheaded li...
South of France. In the sultry August heat, Ger...
                                               NaN
Muthu starring by rajinikanth and meena. A lavi...
Auto rickshaw driver Manickam avoids violence a...
Padayappa is a 1999 Tamil film written and dire...
Corrupt police and politicians target a compute...
                                No overview found.
A police chief tries to solve a kidnapping that...
A famous game show host is being harassed in a ...
With so many jobs to choose from, the Minions h...
A probing portrait of Chris Burden, an artist w...
Twenty-five years after the verdict in the Rodn...
The arrival of a new girl causes a stir in clas...
When the pressure to be royal becomes too much ...
             An astronomer has a terrifying dream.
Playboy Hong Kong Barber Happy Chan opens a fas...
What we know today about many famous musicians,...
St. Anthony is tempted by visions of women, inc...
A film from Méliès has him playing a magician w...
The psyche of a ruthless secret agent in Cold W...
While holidaying in the French Alps, a Swedish ...
A black comedy set during the aftermath of the ...
Donald Trump's daughter Ivanka has been appoint...
Franky and Krimo dream of leaving the grey grim...
A comedy about depression, alcoholism, suicide ...
A Pixar short about a lost-and-found box and th...
A cop relies on a young car thief to take down ...
                                No overview found.
Fifteen-year-old girl Dotty Fisher is assaulted...
Weaving previously unseen and rare performances...
In a sort of "Mad Max" futuristic adventure, an...
A young professor travels to Budapest to locate...
A series of snapshots from the life of a fictio...
Dwóch prawdziwych facetów, których połączyła ek...
An aggressive thug has problems with his girlfr...
Two young aspiring filmmakers, director Jaco an...
A young engineer is called back home, which he ...
The feature film debut of director Marek Koters...
A man looks for the meaning of life through sci...
Marian, a middle aged nurse, devotes herself to...
Naomi, a fifteen year-old Dutch girl from South...
Bill Nighy and Miranda Richardson star in a sto...
Michalina Wislocka, the most famous and recogni...
A comedy. The story follows a young scientist i...
After 3 years abroad Junior returns to Iceland ...
Seven-year-old Siv’s first night sleeping over ...
Wojnar is a wealthy man who is marrying off his...
                                No overview found.
11-year-old Mickey House is no longer a child. ...
                                               NaN
An impressionistic, black-and-white portrait of...
Six Catholics share their thoughts and problems...
During the Cold War, a young Soviet officer and...
One day, hospital orderlies, watching corpse in...
The film Nienasycenie / INSATIABILITY, directed...
La Possibilité d'une île is a 2008 film directe...
A young woman tries to adjust to freedom after ...
As young children, half-siblings Axel and Yanne...
Thanks to the powers of magic, Adaś Niezgódka i...
Documentary maker Jan Holman follows the ultraf...
Adaś Miauczyński, a Polish intelectual, has sev...
The story about the friendship between two wome...
The film is based on the well-known, translated...
Dalia's life changes when she has to face her e...
Polish animated short film that uses unconventi...
                                               NaN
At the tender age of 70 years, Sigrídur Níelsdó...
Klasa II B jako zadanie domowe otrzymuje do nap...
                                               NaN
A parliament member's sixteen year old daughter...
It's Christmas, and children at an orphanage in...
A woodsman find and abandoned child in the fore...
Six characters narrate their complex existence ...
This movie is an adaptation from a popular nove...
From radical turntablism (Otomo Yoshihide) to l...
The story is narrated by ten-year old Staszek, ...
Physicist John worked as a meteorologist. He li...
Ki is a young woman who no longer wants to live...
The story of a spirited ten-year-old girl who h...
Stephen Fry and Hugh Laurie are to reunite for ...
Hector meets Truquette on Bastille Day and beco...
In Imperial Russia, Anna Karenina falls in love...
Art, obsession and anxiety permeate a dilapidat...
An inside glimpse of how it feels to be a teen ...
        Can you solve the mystery of the 13 moons?
Leslie Caron, beloved star of Gigi and An Ameri...
Alma’s family has been producing quality olive ...
David Berman and his friends, all Holocaust sur...
A gymnast moves to a gym where the top coach in...
A priest is officiating at a convent, when sudd...
A psychologist interviews a death row inmate to...
Twelve Angry Men is a 1954 teleplay by Reginald...
In the future, national boundaries have been br...
An exploration of the musical and social origin...
Jean-Étienne Fougerole is an intellectual bohem...
A rich rocket scientist organizes an expedition...
                                               NaN
                                               NaN
Stuck in the corridors of time, Godefroy de Mon...
Scientists Werner Amadeus, son of Count Dracula...
This is film-making of the shoddiest and lazies...
It's the Old Western times and an outlaw named ...
Seven college kids take a shortcut on their way...
On the 100th anniversary of the original voyage...
In an era in which it is difficult for the true...
Rasputin, a crazed and debauched monk wreaks ha...
Mark Gatiss examines the history of the horror ...
An American writer goes to a remote Welsh manor...
A deformed tormented girl drowns herself after ...
Adam West and Burt Ward are taken on a crazy ad...
Bertram Oliphant West (also known as Bo West) w...
Lt. Bobby Quinn is a Special Forces commando ki...
A psychic researcher and his assistants investi...
Sid and Bernie keep having their amorous intent...
A portrait of the dark and tortured world of ar...
The Cobblers Arms have been the best and most f...
The Airzone Solution takes place in a future Br...
Christopher Lee talks about his film career, wh...
In WWII, Captain Invincible used his superpower...
All, including school administration and a frie...
Eric and Ernie decide to take a holiday to the ...
A group of fashion models disturb the tomb of a...
Wearied by his travels through time and space T...
A less-than-qualified and far-from-perfect prie...
Captain S. Melly takes over as the new Commandi...
Celina works at a remote tollbooth on a desert ...
When Supergirl, Wonder Woman, Batgirl, Bumblebe...
Michael, an American professor teaching history...
Ray is a fledgling entrepreneur who specializes...
A sensitive university student unraveling while...
A man is forced to marry a tree to ward off ill...
Sometimes New Year eve can bring a lot of surpr...
                                               NaN
Blurred images illustrate the narration of Hugu...
"Strong Ivan" is a film telling an outstanding ...
Burned by a bad breakup, a struggling New York ...
Sveta and Maxim, a happy newlyweds, are moving ...
Kwei Wu happens upon a kidnapping with his wife...
Golden Swallow revolves around the further adve...
In the throes of a zombie apocalypse, A trouble...
Against a dark background, several bright, curv...
       An abstract animation from Walter Ruttmann.
       An abstract animation from Walter Ruttmann.
         An abstract animation by Walter Ruttmann.
If 18-year-old Sonita had a say, Michael Jackso...
A young woman, fascinated with mass murderers, ...
Lilly, a hard working EMT, is only focused on h...
Hopeless romantic Matt (Brandon W. Jones) decid...
A woman, who has been the mistress of a man who...
In 19th-century France, a man (Thomas Coumans) ...
In present-day Moscow ghosts of three little gi...
This celebrated director's "exquisite cruelty" ...
The Tuner (Russian: Настройщик, Nastroyshchik) ...
                                               NaN
                                               NaN
A mother loses her son during a winter visit to...
The film is based on real events that took plac...
Igor, a furniture store manager, tries to figur...
Plucked from an orphanage as a literal love sla...
Rita's daughter is sick with leukemia. In order...
Based on A. Galych's play "Matrosskaya Tishina"...
Masha Krapivina - is yet beautiful, and not tha...
Comedy about the crazy adventures of three frie...
Somewhere deep, deep in Russia there is a town ...
The sea, August, interesting and simple people....
                                               NaN
The life of a characters of this movie can be d...
У девушки Даши, приехавшей с подругой «покорять...
A woman and a young girl in different cities ar...
The film's title is borrowed from a Dani fable ...
An ethnographic film that documents the efforts...
After visiting the first Cubist exposition in P...
In this family-friendly action reboot of the 19...
Born in Los Angeles but a New Yorker by choice,...
Several little boys run along a pier, then jump...
Scheherezade puts herself in danger to save Sul...
Little pocket thief Wu never got away from the ...
Failing to complete an important assignment wit...
In her filthy cell in Newgate prison Moll Fland...
A Russian version of the classic Alexandre Duma...
The story happens mainly around "The Old Arbat ...
A group of friends go on a vacation with some n...
The Sublet is a suspense driven psychological t...
Buxom do-gooders Donna and Nicole set out to re...
Are we prepared for dealing with the prospect t...
           Sci-fi thriller directed by Fred Gallo.
The people portrayed in this film are called Ha...
This film records a 12 day ritual performed by ...
                                No overview found.
Young Aladdin (Donald O'Connor) has a series of...
Rainy summer evening... Young people are arrivi...
A stranger named Silas flees from a devastating...
A closeted boy runs the risk of being outed by ...
Bloed, Zweet en Tranen (Blood, Sweat and Tears)...
Paula the ape woman (Acquanetta) is alive and w...
Pretty, popular, and slim high-schooler Aly Sch...
Hyperactive teenager Kelly is enrolled into a m...
A combination gambling den and bawdy house is s...
A chemist in his laboratory places upon a table...
A bearded magician holds up a large playing car...
 A wall full of advertising posters comes to life.
A man rents an apartment and furnishes it in re...
The background of this picture represents a sce...
This shows a prince entering upon the stage of ...
It's Halloween in the 100 Acre Wood, and Roo's ...
A band-leader has arranged seven chairs for the...
        A series of fantastical wrestling matches.
Deep Hearts is a film about the Bororo Fulani, ...
The bliss of a biology teacher’s family life in...
The Morning After is a feature film that consis...
Sentenced to life imprisonment for illegal acti...
An unsuccessful sculptor saves a madman named "...
In this true-crime documentary, we delve into t...
A film archivist revisits the story of Rustin P...
It's the year 3000 AD. The world's most dangero...
Yet another version of the classic epic, with e...
       Rising and falling between a man and woman.
An artist struggles to finish his work while a ...
When one of her hits goes wrong, a professional...
In a small town live two brothers, one a minist...
50 years after decriminalisation of homosexuali...